<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: feature/convergence<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1361<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Update to new proposed block format<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:21:45 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 10/24/2016, 5:10:01 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Update to new proposed block format

This changeset updates ab.proto to use the block format discussed in
JIRA issue https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-384

It more closely mirrors the batch format proposed by Simon in the SBFT
work as well as the time tested bitcoin block structure.

Note that the block is split into three pieces, Header, Data, and
Metadata.  This makes the clear distinction that the Headers chain
together, and the Headers have a reference to the hash of the Data.
Therefore the Metadata section can be used for storage of information
which should not be hashed, such as signature collections.  See the JIRA
issue for more details.

Assuming this block format is accepted, it should be removed from
ab.proto and pushed into the fabric.proto / fabric_next.proto.

Change-Id: I9e9f5afa10e29258ba5ad2a8c536a781e765664f
Signed-off-by: Jason Yellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:21:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:23:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1500/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:25:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/415/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:57:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

Do not merge, I realized I did not update the bdd so this will break things.  Still, I'd invite discussion on the format itself.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/29/2016, 5:25:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/415/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1500/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/30/2016, 1:30:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/30/2016, 8:35:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/30/2016, 11:42:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (1 comment)

I can remove the comment suggestion that the hash must be from a Merkle tree.  Ultimately, I would consider Merkle tree to be a choice of hashing algorithm, just like using sha256 or sha512 to compute the hash.

I chose to put it there, because I know Simon's SBFT implementation is using a Merkle tree for the hash computation.  From an orderer perspective, we start with an empty batch, then add transactions until a the batch fills, or a timer pops.  Because of this, you can expect a Merkle tree to be much faster from final transaction to hash computed, especially for large batch sizes.

I'd be curious if Simon has any strong arguments for requiring this to be a Merkle tree</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/30/2016, 11:45:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/1/2016, 4:00:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: christian cachin - cca@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/3/2016, 11:26:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:25:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:25:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/605/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:27:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1

The only real dissent I've seen here is whether we define the data hash to be a Merkle tree or not.  Since this detail does not actually change the message structure (it is bytes regardless) I propose that we merge this now and finalize the hashing algorithm later.

The latest change fixes the bdd tests to use the newer API as well.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:34:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1705/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 1:21:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/605/ : UNSTABLE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1705/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Tuan Dang - tuan.dang.27613@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 3:19:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/21/2016, 8:36:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1

Merging issues aside, this LGTM.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/24/2016, 5:10:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Rebased to master</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:21:45 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/29/2016, 5:25:14 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/29/2016, 4:57:16 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>If we do not intend to support queries over MerkleTree (e.g., a thin client in bitcoin wants to check whether a tx is included in a block?), what is the value of MerkleTree based hash instead of hash of 'deterministic' serialized data?
From performance point of view, MerkleTree based hash computation would be much poorer.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Jason, this is the same point I was poking on in slack... I'd prefer a simple hash over the block data unless there is a compelling case for the merkle tree. You mentioned it may be more efficient to hash data transactions in merkle while the block is getting built, but maybe lets start without the merkle and see if there becomes a need for it.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Accidentally replied to this at the top level rather than here.  See the main thread.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Jason, based on your reply at the top level:
Even from the performance perspective, the cost of hash computation function is not a linear to the size of the data. It involves a significant setup cost that is incurred each time you invoke this function.
Now, if we assume that a batch contains 1000 transactions, and the Merkle-tree is a binary tree, when you add the last transaction, you would need to execute hash function 10 times and I am not sure whether this last step itself could be more costly than computing hash on entire data - Will require some measurements before concluding on this.

There may be some intermediate solution between a binary Merkle-tree and flat contents (e.g., hash chain of transactions or n-ary Merkle-tree) but I believe that these require some measuremetns.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: christian cachin - cca@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L78)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>There are good reasons to build a Merkle tree over a block, especially if the block can be large: most importantly, one does not have to store *all* data to verify a single transaction inside the block.

Therefore any forward looking design should have a Merkle tree here. But a binary tree is overkill. In practice one should use a 16-ary tree or similar for authenticating 1000s of items (== depth 3 for up to 4096 items).

For someone who verifies the whole hash chain but is not interested in the transactions themselves, the tree simplifies also that verification: instead of hashing the whole block of many MB length, it simply takes the nodes in the tree next to the root.  This data is much smaller.

It seems very important to me to have a provision for a tree in the block/batch structure.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L82](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L82)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Is this equivalent to `Block2.Transactions` in fabric_next.proto? If yes, can we name this as `Transactions` instead of `Data` to avoid confusion?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L82](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/61f0edf5870d0821542256973817572ca7fc8f32/orderer/atomicbroadcast/ab.proto#L82)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I'm okay with this, assuming others are.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:25:21 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [ea8200826d48738653086255d73e92f850f1069d](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/ea8200826d48738653086255d73e92f850f1069d)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 1:21:06 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/21/2016, 8:36:13 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Tuan Dang - tuan.dang.27613@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 3:19:02 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:27:19 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>