<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: feature/convergence<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1479<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Orderer broadcast filtering framework<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/4/2016, 2:25:24 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 10/24/2016, 5:10:16 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Orderer broadcast filtering framework

In order to allow reconfiguration messages to be supported by the
orderer as well as to allow authentication of message signatures from
clients, the ordering service will need to support limited filtering of
broadcast messages as they arrive.

This changeset defines a simple interface for doing so as well as a
structure which supports applying many rules at once.  The solo orderer
is hooked into this framework, but for the moment only supports the
existing behavior of 'Accept all non-empty messages', this will change
once other more sophisticated filters are added.

The hope is that this filtering framework can be re-used across ordering
plugins, especially the component for verifying client signatures on
incoming messages.

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-591

Change-Id: I534330a1cb2b675c6f34e73079654ab3280520c0
Signed-off-by: Jason Yellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/4/2016, 2:25:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/4/2016, 3:22:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/502/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/4/2016, 3:22:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1599/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/4/2016, 4:17:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/502/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1599/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/7/2016, 7:53:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

20:16:58 ok  	github.com/hyperledger/fabric/membersrvc/ca	14.226s	coverage: 74.5% of statements
20:16:59 ?   	github.com/hyperledger/fabric/membersrvc/protos	[no test files]
20:17:00 # github.com/hyperledger/fabric/orderer/solo
20:17:00 orderer/solo/broadcast.go:49: undefined: Rule
20:17:00 orderer/solo/broadcast.go:69: undefined: b in b.bs
20:17:00 orderer/solo/broadcast.go:70: undefined: Accept
20:17:00 orderer/solo/broadcast.go:143: cannot call non-function b.bs.filter (type *broadcastfilter.RuleSet)
20:17:00 orderer/solo/broadcast.go:144: undefined: Accept
20:17:00 error: exit status 2
20:17:00 panic: EOF</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 3:58:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:00:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Sorry for pushing earlier, was not ready, the latest push actually builds and should be ready for review.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:00:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/613/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:04:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1713/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:06:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:08:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/614/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:11:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1714/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 5:04:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/613/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1713/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 5:10:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/614/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1714/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 6:52:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 8:58:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 11:53:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 5:02:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(2 comments)

Nicely abstracted. I am not 100% comfortable with the idea that the ruleset can result in acceptance or rejection simply based on which rule (the accepting one, or the rejecting one respectively) was placed in the RuleSet slice first. Have you considered the semantics behind such a ruleset?

Here's a proposal (no pun intended): If a ruleset has a rule that results in rejection (when applied to message A), then this ruleset's recommended action should be REJECT, regardless of whether an ACCEPT rule comes first. Why would we say that this proposal is wrong? (Let's poke holes on it, so that we're certain the current ruleset logic is sound.)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 11:18:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> (2 comments)
 > 
 > Nicely abstracted. I am not 100% comfortable with the idea that the
 > ruleset can result in acceptance or rejection simply based on which
 > rule (the accepting one, or the rejecting one respectively) was
 > placed in the RuleSet slice first. Have you considered the
 > semantics behind such a ruleset?
 > 
 > Here's a proposal (no pun intended): If a ruleset has a rule that
 > results in rejection (when applied to message A), then this
 > ruleset's recommended action should be REJECT, regardless of
 > whether an ACCEPT rule comes first. Why would we say that this
 > proposal is wrong? (Let's poke holes on it, so that we're certain
 > the current ruleset logic is sound.)

As I see it, there are essentially two types of rules, positive rules, and negative rules.

A negative rule, like "No Empty Messages" applies either a "Reject" or a "Forward", never an "Accept".

A positive rule, like "Allow Validly Signed Transactions" applies either an "Accept/Reconfigure" or a "Forward", but never a "Reject".

In general I would expect for a rule-set to be constructed as:

[Set of negative rules], [Set of positive Rules], default reject

So finally back to your proposal.  To me, it is logically equivalent to what is above.  However, as written, the framework gives additional generality.  For instance, what if there are two types of transactions, one is a SimpleTransaction, and the other is a HorriblyComplicatedExpensiveTransaction.  The dev might want to write their rules as:

[negative rules about SimpleTransaction], [positive rules about SimpleTransaction], [negative rules about HorriblyComplexExpensiveTransaction], [positive rules about HorriblyComplexExpensiveTransaction], reject

In this way, the lighter rules could be prioritized for evaluation first (with the knowledge that the acceptance/rejection sets of the rules do not overlap).

And finally, even in the proposed scheme you gave, I think you still need order, to be able to tell which rule accepted (or rejected) a transaction.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 11:38:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review-1

> And finally, even in the proposed scheme you gave, I think you
 > still need order, to be able to tell which rule accepted (or
 > rejected) a transaction.

(Notation: "reject rule" = rule that results in rejection when applied over the message we're discussing about. Same goes for "accept rule".)

In my proposed scheme, order doesn't really matter. As long as there is a reject rule in there, the action should be reject. (So even if you bump into an accept rule, you need to run through all the rules in the set. You are trading execution speed for simplicity.)

In your current scheme, if an accept rule comes before the reject rule, accept wins. I am not a fan of the current scheme as it places way too much emphasis on the order: "Make sure you get your reject rules in first!"

I claim that we should be driven by simplicity, and thus a reject rule anywhere in the ruleset should drive this ruleset's action.

I'll add a -1 just to signal to the maintainers that there is a discussion going on in the comments (and avoid the orderer config YAML fiasco). I'm a fan of this abstraction otherwise. I'm also OK with my proposed scheme being shot down; I haven't seen any good arguments against it yet though.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 2:03:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 2:04:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1761/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 2:06:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/661/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 2:55:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/661/ : UNSTABLE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1761/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Tuan Dang - tuan.dang.27613@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 3:10:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 10:02:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> > And finally, even in the proposed scheme you gave, I think you
 > > still need order, to be able to tell which rule accepted (or
 > > rejected) a transaction.
 > 
 > In my proposed scheme, order doesn't really matter. 

This is perhaps where I most fundamentally disagree.  What is the behavior when multiple filters reject or accept?  You could return a set of filters which match, but then the caller is still going to have to pick an order to evaluate them in.  If the caller wants to take action based on which filter returned, it seems like order is inevitable.

Consider the scenario where a client is authorized both to submit normal transactions as well as configuration changes.  If the transaction is a configuration change, it's important that the filter for configuration changes be the first one to accept it.  If the generic transaction filter accepts it first, then it might not be appropriately processed.  I think the same argument could be made for rejection.  A properly signed, but otherwise invalid transaction might deserve logging, but a transaction containing no identifying signature at all might not.  This I think is the biggest reason for ordering.

 > I claim that we should be driven by simplicity, and thus a reject
 > rule anywhere in the ruleset should drive this ruleset's action.

I suppose simplicity is in the eye of the beholder, but evaluating a chain of rules in order seems extremely simple to me.  Evaluating a set of rules and returning a result based on the contents of the set is not obviously 'simpler' to me.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:37:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 10:21:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Maybe you're right and I'm wrong. There is no point on insisting further, and it doesn't seem that anybody reads these threads anyway. The model that comes naturally to me is one that drives the creation of small, composable rules, where the order in the ruleset doesn't matter, and thus the ruleset needs to be evaluated in its entirety. (In a sense, in that case no single rule has the ability to trigger an ACCEPT action and stop the loop.) Of course the caller (the receiver of the action) would have to pick an order when processing the rules that caused the acceptance or the rejection, so maybe this solution would just defer the problem to the next level without any substantial benefits.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/18/2016, 5:04:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 1:20:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5: Patch Set 4 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 1:36:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1901/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 2:01:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6: Patch Set 5 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 2:10:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1909/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 3:07:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/798/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1901/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 3:34:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/806/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1909/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/24/2016, 5:10:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Rebased to master</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/4/2016, 2:25:24 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 3c705c8c9d802b801ba9efd119fab60eaf556944<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/7/2016, 7:53:24 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/4/2016, 4:17:02 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 3:58:35 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 332b6a3b707f9116fb07292fe33061d2e50489d6<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 5:04:41 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:06:25 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: d9dc83ddc9bcfbc2397f769294b6e1e062b88fdb<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/11/2016, 8:58:20 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 5:10:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/11/2016, 11:53:20 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 11:38:37 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 6:52:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/12/2016, 2:03:02 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 19c71e3f4a656fee387bb6508d744e2fa6bfa9b8<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:37:10 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 2:55:44 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/18/2016, 5:04:26 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Tuan Dang - tuan.dang.27613@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 3:10:32 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/20/2016, 1:20:41 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 1444fef1c40f578c11c2c48525691c695ad22639<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/20/2016, 3:07:50 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/20/2016, 2:01:58 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 2a82f132408d5c91b7d33e79d607f257f919bc4c<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/20/2016, 3:34:51 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>