<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 18419<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-8510] put back "-m" in byfn tutorial<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:48:47 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/27/2018, 9:10:37 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-8510] put back "-m" in byfn tutorial

The "-m" is not needed in latest but could trip up those
using older release level fabric-samples.

Change-Id: I57f64604971b56a95534db2391c3c8db1e5711da
Signed-off-by: Srinivasan Muralidharan <srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:48:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:48:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins-new.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:48:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins-new.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:51:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-rtd-verify-master/231/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:52:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12895/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:53:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21206/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 11:00:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 11:26:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-rtd-verify-master/231/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-rtd-verify-master/231

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12895/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12895

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21206/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/21206</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 11:47:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

This is a mistake. Yes, people need to use the doc that matches the version of the software they are using but that's true for a lot of things, not just byfn.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 12:19:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Appreciate the comments Arnaud.  I too was on the fence on this one, but ultimately confusion is one of our largest enemies and therefore I'm in favor of keeping things consistent across releases (like use of -m flag), unless there is compelling reason to change.  Certainly we can add new optional flags where it is important, but we'd like to keep the core sample functioning consistent, as this is the on ramp for many users for each release.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 1:18:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Arnaud, I was on the fence too...however given that the vestigial "-m" is in the script, it might as well be in the doc. We could give notice and remove it in 1.2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 2:58:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> Arnaud, I was on the fence too...however given that the vestigial "-m" is in the script, it might as well be in the doc. We could give notice and remove it in 1.2.

since I wrote the script, as far as I am concerned it should have a -m as that was how it was written.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 2:58:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Christopher Ferris</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 3:24:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/1912/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/1912

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/3236/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-x86_64/3236</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 4:01:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

You guys can disagree but Murali, your argument is circular. At least Dave's is somewhat defensible. :-)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/26/2018, 5:39:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Arnaud, it is not..just stating a fact that there's this piece of code in byfn.sh (you may remember this :-) )
# Parse commandline args
if [ "$1" = "-m" ];then # supports old usage, muscle memory is powerful!
    shift
fi

If that code is there, why not supporting doc too ?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 5:32:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > Patch Set 1:
 > >
 > > Arnaud, I was on the fence too...however given that the vestigial
 > "-m" is in the script, it might as well be in the doc. We could
 > give notice and remove it in 1.2.
 > 
 > since I wrote the script, as far as I am concerned it should have a
 > -m as that was how it was written.

Seriously? That's a really weak reason. By that logic we should never change anything. :-)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 5:35:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Arnaud, it is not..just stating a fact that there's this piece of
 > code in byfn.sh (you may remember this :-) )
 > # Parse commandline args
 > if [ "$1" = "-m" ];then # supports old usage, muscle memory is
 > powerful!
 > shift
 > fi
 > 
 > If that code is there, why not supporting doc too ?

The only reason I kept -m in the code is for backwards compatibility (primarily for muscle memory as my comment says) so using the fact that it's in the code to justify recommending its use is recursive.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 5:42:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Guys, I'm not going to keep beating a dead horse - we all have better things to do - but I seriously question the rationale applied here.
I think it is more important to make our system as simple as possible to the many more users we hope to gain than it is to maintain some dubious backward compatibility with a few existing users that might get tripped by looking at the wrong version of the doc.
The fact is that the -m brings nothing of value, it is just clutter - which is proven by the fact that the script effectively doesn't need it -. This is too small a problem to worry about but I fear that if we keep applying the same logic we will soon end up with a system that is unnecessarily complicated.
And if we don't hope to gain more users than we already have then we have even bigger problems.
I will leave it at that.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 9:10:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > Arnaud, it is not..just stating a fact that there's this piece of
 > > code in byfn.sh (you may remember this :-) )
 > > # Parse commandline args
 > > if [ "$1" = "-m" ];then # supports old usage, muscle memory is
 > > powerful!
 > > shift
 > > fi
 > >
 > > If that code is there, why not supporting doc too ?
 > 
 > The only reason I kept -m in the code is for backwards
 > compatibility (primarily for muscle memory as my comment says) so
 > using the fact that it's in the code to justify recommending its
 > use is recursive.

Arnaud, Agreed, keeping the "-m" was good (which is why I pointed to it). My point was that the same "backward compatibility" argument can also made to docs.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/26/2018, 10:48:47 AM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [b81db259a7bc68df4e2c790eede8dc8beb98650a](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/b81db259a7bc68df4e2c790eede8dc8beb98650a)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/26/2018, 2:58:14 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Christopher Ferris<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 2/26/2018, 2:58:16 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/26/2018, 11:26:32 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/26/2018, 11:47:00 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/26/2018, 11:00:52 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>