<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3933<br><strong>Subject</strong>: add partial-keys query to KV-ledger<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/13/2017, 6:53:50 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/21/2017, 11:24:14 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>add partial-keys query to KV-ledger

Currently create/insert/query operations are converted to get/put states
in chaincode-shim.  This change pushed these operations to
txSimulator/ledger.  If multiple keys are defined in table, one key
defined as primary key will be required, and ledger will create some
sub-index-tables internally to support partial-keys query.
Primary-table contains rows, is indexed by primary-key; and sub-tables
contains mapping between keys and primary-key.  When row is
inserted/deleted, sub-tables will also be updated accordingly.  For
partial-key query, txSimulator will query sub-tables to get primary-key,
then get data from primary table with primary key.

changes:
. moved table.proto from core/chaincode/shim to protos/table.
. in chaincode/shim,  changed chaincode/handlers to forward CRUD operations to txSimulator
. in chaincode, add CRUD operations to handler FSM, call txSimulator CRUD operations to handle the requests.
. in txmgr, implemented CRUD operations; added multikey-table-iterator for partial-key GetRows
. added unit test case to txmgr/common-test
. in example chaincode, add one example chaincode for partial-key query
. because shim.Colum[xx] is moved to protos/table, changes on bddtest
and example chaincodes

Change-Id: I2e41b5443264889e65186d0acb595c0b33a27274
Signed-off-by: conghonglei <conghonglei@wanda.cn>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 6:53:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 6:55:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5114/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 7:00:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5114/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 11:36:43 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 11:40:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5163/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 11:46:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5163/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:44:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

Cong, thanks for submitting this change set. It is definitely appreciated. However, to make the contribution more acceptable, it really should be broken up into smaller independent contributions so as to make the review process smoother. 2.5K LOC is quite a bit to review in one go.

As you note in the commit message, there are actually a number of changes. eg. you could have moved the proto and then fixed the tests
and references in one change set. Then you could create another to add the CRUD operations and tests. Then you could add the example in a third. This would make it easier to consume by the maintainers and much simpler to identify where any regressions occurred (should there be any).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/15/2017, 9:53:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Cong, thanks for submitting this change set. It is definitely
 > appreciated. However, to make the contribution more acceptable, it
 > really should be broken up into smaller independent contributions
 > so as to make the review process smoother. 2.5K LOC is quite a bit
 > to review in one go.
 > 
 > As you note in the commit message, there are actually a number of
 > changes. eg. you could have moved the proto and then fixed the
 > tests
 > and references in one change set. Then you could create another to
 > add the CRUD operations and tests. Then you could add the example
 > in a third. This would make it easier to consume by the maintainers
 > and much simpler to identify where any regressions occurred (should
 > there be any).

OK.  Thanks, Chris.
I'll move the proto firstly.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 12:58:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

It seems table-api has been removed.
assuming partial-key-query with table-api will not be needed, I'll close this review.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/21/2017, 11:24:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

table-api not supported in chaincode/shim any more.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: conghonglei - conghonglei@wanda.cn<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/13/2017, 6:53:50 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 6f877510cadfe716f683b81fa596b52cebe05593<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2017, 7:00:03 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: conghonglei - conghonglei@wanda.cn<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/14/2017, 11:36:43 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: f82eaafe7308395e11b7c438a71abd76c3b4feca<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:44:49 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2017, 11:46:17 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>