<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 6075<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-2257] Fix local orderer startup<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:31:04 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/16/2017, 7:34:20 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-2257] Fix local orderer startup

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2257

In fixing the orderer docker startup, the orderer.yaml file was modified
to include the LocalMSPDir.  This was required because without the
variable in the yaml, the environment variable would not take effect.
However, this orderer.yaml variable was incorrectly set to ../msp when
it was being set as a default in code to ../msp/sampleconfig.  This CR
fixes that.

Change-Id: I775b70a0d14d5a9b13ed71b71ef196a70748690a
Signed-off-by: Jason Yellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:31:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:35:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7038/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:27:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:31:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:58:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7038/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 9:37:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 8:57:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:36:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:37:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:41:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7064/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:08:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

For consistency's sake then, shouldn't all paths in the YAML file be relative to the `fabric` then?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:12:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:13:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> For consistency's sake then, shouldn't all paths in the YAML file
 > be relative to the `fabric` then?

This doesn't really work because a runtime will typically not have a source tree</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:22:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> It's ok to have the default configuration file be searched for in some relative/repo sense, but once we have the config file, it should provide all other guidance.  If that guidance includes URLs to other files, the URLs should support some kind of relative mode that makes sense.  To me, the only thing that makes sense is to imply a relationship to the config file that is specifying the URL, not the binary/CWD.

I do not doubt that you're right, but the specifics of the proposal are somewhat lost on me. (I read FAB-2037 as well BTW). Using `orderer/orderer.yaml` as an example what would be the right way of doing this?

There are two issues we need to address based on your comments:

1. How do we look for the config file? You say "in some relative/repo sense". Can you give an example?
2. How does the config file point to other files? Specifically here -- wow should the config file point to the `msp/sampleconfig` folder?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:23:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

s/wow/how</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:59:42 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7064/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 12:08:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

currently we are broken in dev env (non-Docker) as users have to modify orderer.yaml to add "/sampleconfig" or override with the ENV var. I vote we accept this  to remove that annoyance and figure out the right approach in a separate CR ?

That said having 3 different ways in general is becoming more and more unmaneagable : yaml file, PEER_CONFIG_PATH, GOPATH . Perhaps we should specify PEER_CONFIG_PATH in yaml and have everything relative to that. This would work in all envs uniformly (is this close to what you are suggesting, Greg ?)  Would mean a helper util function to append various paths to PEER_CONFIG_PATH (or does viper support env embedding ?)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 2:24:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:08:36 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:12:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7079/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:20:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:26:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Currently, I think this is how it works
- In development, we know where the yaml file is, and we can load it with all other files defined relative to fabric/ 
- In production, we define env var where to find the yaml file. For peer, currently we have os.Getenv("PEER_CFG_PATH"), and this is where we read core.yaml. Similarly, on orderer, we do os.Getenv("ORDERER_CFG_PATH") to find orderer.yaml. We assume that where-ever we find yaml, we'll find other files relative to it (except absolute path).

So there're differences between dev and prod env.  We should consolidate and define all paths in yaml are relative to that yaml file location unless absolute paths. This would give us 1 control point either in dev or prod.  Thoughts?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:29:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Currently, I think this is how it works
 > - In development, we know where the yaml file is, and we can load
 > it with all other files defined relative to fabric/
 > - In production, we define env var where to find the yaml file. For
 > peer, currently we have os.Getenv("PEER_CFG_PATH"), and this is
 > where we read core.yaml. Similarly, on orderer, we do
 > os.Getenv("ORDERER_CFG_PATH") to find orderer.yaml. We assume that
 > where-ever we find yaml, we'll find other files relative to it
 > (except absolute path).
 > 
 > So there're differences between dev and prod env.  We should
 > consolidate and define all paths in yaml are relative to that yaml
 > file location unless absolute paths. This would give us 1 control
 > point either in dev or prod.  Thoughts?

I think that we do _not_ do this today, but this is essentially the behavior that is being described in FAB-2037.  So I am in full agreement that this is a good idea, but note that we are not there today.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 5:14:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7079/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:01:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

> I think that we do _not_ do this today, but this is essentially the
 > behavior that is being described in FAB-2037.  So I am in full
 > agreement that this is a good idea, but note that we are not there
 > today.

Ok, that great. I will look into implementing FAB-2037.  For now, I propose that we merge this CR to avoid the apparent problem mentioned by Murali.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:26:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

+1 Binh's suggestion to merge and continue discussion and futue CR under FAB-2037</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

Agree with Binh.  Let's unblock and fix for real moving forward.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Greg Haskins</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:31:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/1095/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 7:34:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/1095/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:31:04 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:58:46 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>most fabric developers will be in fabric directory from vagrant as they do make, so this directory should be set to "msp/sampleconfig" as default. The peer  core.yaml also set this variable to "msp/sampleconfig" currently, so that would give us consistency.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>All I ask is that we try to adhere to https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2037, as we will only have to clean this up later to get LSB style installs.  IOW, do no assume CWD/WORKDIR, but relative to some disparate config like /etc/foo.yaml)</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I've gotten reports from several people today Murali, Dave, who expected to be able to start the orderer via:

cd orderer && go build && ./orderer

So, I would generally be opposed to using msp/sampleconfig

This is the standard path that I usually follow in development as well.  In the docker image, this is overridden via environment variable.

What is the suggested fix here?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The relative path can be with respect to fabric/ as Binh suggested... (I was used to starting from fabric/orderer but that's just because I do "go build"). "fabric/" is a better root Jason  and I'm fine with that. The bigger issue is not having "/sampleconfig" I think.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>FWIW, I still think the path should be specified relative to the location of the genesis file, not relative to the fabric root, but, looks like I am overruled on this one.  Done.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>IMHO we need to stop thinking of things in terms of where it is in fabric.git and rather think of what this will look like in production runtime (where you have just a binary and configuration file(s).  I think lots of the awkwardness we have faced to date is a result of thinking of the former and not the latter.  It's ok to have the default configuration file be searched for in some relative/repo sense, but once we have the config file, it should provide all other guidance.  If that guidance includes URLs to other files, the URLs should support some kind of relative mode that makes sense.  To me, the only thing that makes sense is to imply a relationship to the config file that is specifying the URL, not the binary/CWD.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I totally agree that we should architect things towards a production runtime, but in this particular case, the config value and production are antithetical.  Running a peer or orderer with "msp/sampleconfig" is inherently non-production.

If we are wanting to set a sane production default, then we should set it to a reasonable production default, and deal with the fallout in development, that execution of the binary will be impossible without the appropriate environment overrides set.

On the other hand, if we are wanting to make development easy and rely on production overriding the value, then I would say we should use  a path relative to the fabric.git tree.

I'm just concerned we're trying to find some middle ground where it's hard for everyone.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/orderer.yaml#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa/orderer/orderer.yaml#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I completely agree that msp/sampleconfig is not aptly named.  Its probably fine to name it something like that in the tree, but once its installed it should just me "msp" or something similarly appropriate.

Your comments after reminded me of a different reason to argue for FAB-2037.  The way we have things now, it's easy for dev and hard for production agreed, and I wouldn't argue we want to make it hard for dev.  However, one of the main points of FAB-2037 is that it moves closer to being easier for _both_ production, and dev since it would allow most of the config to remain the same between the two environments.  I am also not suggesting that this CR needs to address FAB-2037.  Rather, I just wanted to get people thinking in this dimension so we are taking steps forward rather than backward ;)</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:36:24 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [974692bc10da77596c3250f64818565b391213dc](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/974692bc10da77596c3250f64818565b391213dc)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:59:42 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:08:15 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:08:36 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [8cb3057161bb1c33d1c03c00c761722cc18c6670](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/8cb3057161bb1c33d1c03c00c761722cc18c6670)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 5:14:23 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Greg Haskins<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:28 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:01:02 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>