<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 6097<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-2028 pipeout docker containers output to a file<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/16/2017, 1:40:06 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 4/20/2017, 8:07:49 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-2028 pipeout docker containers output to a file

While running unit-tests using make unit-test, pipeout vp_1 and unit-test_1
docker container output to a log file. With this approach,
we don't see the log on console as we are writing to a log file.

See dockerlogfile.log in unit-test folder to see the failure messages or
code coverage report.

see the build output of this change in Jenkins
https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/sandbox/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4/

Change-Id: Ib75865549992de32d50294834f9e85a5740af75f
Signed-off-by: rameshthoomu <rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: suryalnvs <suryalnvs@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 1:40:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 1:43:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7073/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 2:10:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

My preference here would be to simply redirect only the peer log to some file and allow the unit-test output to continue to flow to Jenkins output log.  I think otherwise it will be harder to monitor tests in progress.  However, I just looked and it doesn't look like there are any good options in configuring the "json-file" driver to write to a specific file.  Therefore, what I would suggest is to simply allow the peer to log to stdout along with the unit-test container.  Perhaps an adjustment to only log ERROR and above would be prudent?  Our primary concern is to capture the peer crashing anyway.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 2:36:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7073/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Naga Venkata Sai Surya Teja Lanka - suryalnvs@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 5:49:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 5:49:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/3028/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 5:52:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7392/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 6:49:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/3028/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7392/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 9:33:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

Please see my comment above.  I think the better way to tackle this is to simply remove the log=none line on the peer and set the effective log level relatively high (e.g. CORE_LOGGING_LEVEL=error).  Is there a reason we should consider otherwise?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 9:39:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Suggested change is possible and easy to fix. But I am thinking that "unit-test" container and "peer" logs mess up the console output. With this approach, user can see unit-test output (coverage, unit-test result) on console and publish peer log to an artifact (dockerlogfile). See the output of this patch in Sandbox build https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/sandbox/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/21/2017, 9:46:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Suggested change is possible and easy to fix. But I am thinking
 > that "unit-test" container and "peer" logs mess up the console
 > output. With this approach, user can see unit-test output
 > (coverage, unit-test result) on console and publish peer log to an
 > artifact (dockerlogfile). See the output of this patch in Sandbox
 > build https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/sandbox/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/

Here's my rationale: The unit-test log is important good, bad, or indifferent.  It helps to convey the status/progress of the test as it is running.  It helps in both a CI and a developer-workflow.  I fear that burying it will create a usability issue, particularly for the developer-workflow.

The peer, on the other hand, generally only conveys useful information (in unit-test context) when something has gone catastrophically wrong, such as the peer failing to run outright.

Therefore, my preference would be to leave the unit-test output as is, but include the peer output in the exceptional case that something has gone bad in the peer.  Limiting the peer to output only at ERROR and above while retaining the existing log scheme I believe achieves this.

Am I missing any nuance here?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/13/2017, 3:01:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Ramesh, if this is no longer being pursued, please abandon. Thanks</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/20/2017, 8:07:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/16/2017, 1:40:06 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [deb4532dd0df0a6bc02742eac2fc5e5f223ecdf4](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/deb4532dd0df0a6bc02742eac2fc5e5f223ecdf4)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 2:36:09 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 2:10:18 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Naga Venkata Sai Surya Teja Lanka - suryalnvs@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/21/2017, 5:49:19 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [755f4515d294626a0e81ed6a7f5501392fd4f046](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/755f4515d294626a0e81ed6a7f5501392fd4f046)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/21/2017, 6:49:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/21/2017, 9:33:41 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>