<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-sdk-py<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 29374<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FABP-197] clientAuthRequired with secure grpc channel<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Guillaume Cisco - guillaumecisco@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/19/2019, 8:40:39 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:12:47 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FABP-197] clientAuthRequired with secure grpc channel

- Allow mutual tls communication with clientAuthRequired set to True
- Fix creation of secure grpc channel with mutual TLS communicatiion
- Fix chaincode_invode/chaincode_query method error return
- Allow using a chaincode with another TYPE LANGUAGE than GO inside
chainecode_invoke/chaincode_query methods
- Add mutual TLS tests

Change-Id: I7bb846fe7e7eb6c7b34fa507c43969b3b7cec0d0
Signed-off-by: GuillaumeCisco <guillaumecisco@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Guillaume Cisco - guillaumecisco@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/19/2019, 8:40:39 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/19/2019, 8:45:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-py-verify-x86_64/593/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/19/2019, 8:56:43 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-py-verify-x86_64/593/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-py-verify-x86_64/593</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/19/2019, 10:10:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dixing Xu - dixingxu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/22/2019, 7:56:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Guillaume Cisco - guillaumecisco@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:08:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I agree.
Things in hyperledger can be very confusing. Especially this part. I spent a lot of time understanding how it works.
Among all possible examples in fabric hyperledger, you will have different names for theses files. Furthermore sometimes these files are created from cryptogen and sometimes with fabric-ca and got different names.
What we have to understand is that when we enroll an user with the tls profile, you will get in the MSP folder several files. You will get the tls ca cert in tlscacerts (usually it is equal to the root ca cert). The client cert in signcert folder, which is a pem file too. And the private key inside the keystore folder with a name composed of an hash and finishing with _sk.
These three files allow mutual tls.

In node js, the pem file is the tls ca cert file.

Hope it helps</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dixing Xu - dixingxu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:11:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dixing Xu - dixingxu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:12:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I agree.
 > Things in hyperledger can be very confusing. Especially this part.
 > I spent a lot of time understanding how it works.
 > Among all possible examples in fabric hyperledger, you will have
 > different names for theses files. Furthermore sometimes these files
 > are created from cryptogen and sometimes with fabric-ca and got
 > different names.
 > What we have to understand is that when we enroll an user with the
 > tls profile, you will get in the MSP folder several files. You will
 > get the tls ca cert in tlscacerts (usually it is equal to the root
 > ca cert). The client cert in signcert folder, which is a pem file
 > too. And the private key inside the keystore folder with a name
 > composed of an hash and finishing with _sk.
 > These three files allow mutual tls.
 > 
 > In node js, the pem file is the tls ca cert file.
 > 
 > Hope it helps

I see, thank you!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dixing Xu - dixingxu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:12:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Dixing Xu</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Guillaume Cisco - guillaumecisco@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Guillaume Cisco - guillaumecisco@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/19/2019, 8:40:39 AM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [edf9dda14bc9a4c3327f0bdddb00666e19eb57fa](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-py/commit/edf9dda14bc9a4c3327f0bdddb00666e19eb57fa)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/19/2019, 8:56:43 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/19/2019, 10:10:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Dixing Xu - dixingxu@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:11:34 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Dixing Xu<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 2/23/2019, 4:12:47 AM<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Dixing Xu - dixingxu@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [hfc/fabric/peer.py#L28](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-py/blob/edf9dda14bc9a4c3327f0bdddb00666e19eb57fa/hfc/fabric/peer.py#L28)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I am a bit confused by the difference between `tls_ca_cert_file` and `client_key_path`

I see in node sdk, they just use `url` & `opt` while `opt` could contain `pem`, `clientKey`, `clientCert`, `ss-target-name-override`, etc.</pre></blockquote>