<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-test<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 12437<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-4770] Taking down kafka topic leaders<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/14/2017, 2:03:49 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 8/31/2017, 8:29:31 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-4770] Taking down kafka topic leaders

This adds functionality and test for bouncing
kafka brokers within a kafka based orderer
service.

Change-Id: I3e15008dcd31817a5c671dc04dfbaf85cde15561
Signed-off-by: Latitia M Haskins <latitia.haskins@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 2:03:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 2:05:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 3:19:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 3:20:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed Verified+1 by Latitia Haskins <latitia.haskins@gmail.com>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 5:03:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 6:06:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3: Patch Set 2 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Adnan C - adnan.choudhury@itpeoplecorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 6:09:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 6:32:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(6 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/14/2017, 6:57:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review-1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/16/2017, 2:01:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(9 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/16/2017, 3:15:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/16/2017, 6:48:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/16/2017, 9:26:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified-1

Two tests failed: 
1.  FAB-4770 (after stop 2nd partition leader, I see this confusing error message, which is very bad on all accounts):
     When a user invokes on the chaincode named "mycc" with args ["invoke","a","b","10"]                                                                                       # steps/endorser_impl.py:107 1.247s
    Then a user receives an error response of SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE                                                                                                             # steps/endorser_impl.py:186 0.000s
      Assertion Failed: There was not an error response: 
 ...
      Error: proposal failed (err: rpc error: code = Unknown desc = chaincode error (status: 500, message: Cannot create ledger from genesis block, due to LedgerID already exists))


2.  smoke.feature:38  Test access to the fabric protobuf files
      Traceback (most recent call last):
        File "/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/behave/model.py", line 1456, in run
          match.run(runner.context)
        File "/usr/local/lib/python2.7/dist-packages/behave/model.py", line 1903, in run
          self.func(context, *args, **kwargs)
      TypeError: step_impl() takes exactly 2 arguments (1 given)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/17/2017, 4:51:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/17/2017, 6:41:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/17/2017, 7:02:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review-1

(4 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/18/2017, 10:44:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

(4 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/18/2017, 10:58:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 7.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/18/2017, 5:50:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Verified-1 Code-Review+1

(1 comment)

Looks better, but sometimes still fails for me on the invoke after the 2nd KB is stopped. Per our discussion, it looks like we need to verify more things and the deployment step because a peer had not successfully joined. Not sure why this became a problem at this particular invoke step.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/21/2017, 11:25:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

I think adding more verifications after a deploy is out of the scope of this CR. I think that is a separate issue from this kafka test and has the potential to grow even more. I'd like to keep the scope of this change as small as we can.

That said, I am curious as to why this seems to fail for you at times. I am hoping that @kostas can chime in as to the test validity.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/21/2017, 7:09:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

> Patch Set 7:
> 
> I think adding more verifications after a deploy is out of the scope of this CR. I think that is a separate issue from this kafka test and has the potential to grow even more. I'd like to keep the scope of this change as small as we can.
> 
> That said, I am curious as to why this seems to fail for you at times. I am hoping that @kostas can chime in as to the test validity.

(Hi everyone, not ignoring this, just out on vacation till next Wednesday. Will chime in when I get back.)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/22/2017, 12:05:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 8.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/22/2017, 6:40:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: Code-Review+2

OK. Passed "behave -t daily" tests except one: FAB-4686 failed on the last step. Assertion Failed: Expected response was 970; received Query Result: 980</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/22/2017, 7:12:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: Verified-1 Code-Review+1

Sorry; I mistakenly posted previous comment. Only FAB-4686 test failed, and it failed again when run individually. The steps look ok, but running the test produced a strange error (much like other tests have done):
 Error: Error sending transaction invoke: Got unexpected status: SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE -- Could not enqueue - version:1 response:<status:200 message:"OK" > payload:...  

And I noticed my CPU usages exceeded 100% during much of the test; and near the problem steps I saw that one CPU hit ceiling and pretty much stayed there the entire 240s waittime until the test ended, and "top" identified a zombie process during that 240sec wait period. A longer waittime did not help, either.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2017, 10:22:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 9: Patch Set 8 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2017, 5:23:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 10.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2017, 5:40:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 11.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2017, 7:08:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 11: Verified+1 Code-Review+2

Verified.
Sometimes test failed; we can open a bug against fabric later, if it does not consistently pass.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2017, 7:08:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Scott Zwierzynski</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/31/2017, 8:29:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 11: Code-Review+1

Late to the party but I said I'd look at it once I got back. This LGTM, thanks!</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/14/2017, 2:03:49 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [e2bf7c947dcdf3dad0b1f12df6e20a3b7acc2803](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/e2bf7c947dcdf3dad0b1f12df6e20a3b7acc2803)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/14/2017, 2:05:25 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/14/2017, 5:03:49 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Adnan C - adnan.choudhury@itpeoplecorp.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The test steps seems to indicate 3 takedowns and 2 restarts.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Adnan C - adnan.choudhury@itpeoplecorp.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should it be "in reverse order"? The LIFO queue seems to suggest that if a,b,c,d are taken down, then d, c, b will come up.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>all (3) kafka brokers in the RF set, and bringing them back in LIFO order.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L187](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L187)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Before starting the network, let's add two lines to specify two environment variables: the number of kafka brokers in the RF set (3), and the min ISR (2). These are the defaults, but for this test it might be good to set these env variables explicitly here so it is easier for users to understand why it works the way it does.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L187](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L187)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>How about I add a comment to this effect? Technically, I can do that, but I don't want the false impression that setting those values is necessary.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L208](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L208)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I think we should uncomment this line. Only one broker of the RF set remains.
If you don't see that response immediately, though, then maybe it needs a longer wait timer. We can ask designers, or investigate to confirm, but is it possible the orderer might not respond with SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE before giving up trying to reconnect to the same or to another broker?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L208](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/orderer.feature#L208)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>No, good point. It seems that this was working before... I'll investigate this further.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L83](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L83)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>what if there is no leader? maybe this could happen if you stop the leader and before another is elected then user tries to stop leader again. Would this "stop" command produce an error?

Or what if two brokers think they are leaders? Not sure about this possibility, but I think that might be possible for short time periods. Maybe Kostas might help here.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L83](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L83)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The getKafkaPartitionLeader call should return 1 kafka broker. This is assumed to be the leader. (This is based on what is returned based on the partition and a query for the ISR set and the leader.) If no leader is returned, the stop will fail because the leader variable will be set to None which is not a valid container name.

If there is an error with figuring out the leader, I would expect that a failure would occur during the getKafkaPartitionLeader call, but if it doesn't it should fail by the time the attempt is made to stop the container.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L88](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L88)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This wording is awkward when the getNonISR... function may return a list of KBs. Also, will this stop ALL the non-ISR KBs in the RF set? There may be none, or a longer list of non-ISR KBs, depending on env variables and on current network situation.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L88](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/steps/orderer_impl.py#L88)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>It is possible for no brokers to be returned. In which case, the stop will fail. If there are more than one broker in the non ISR set, it will not return a list of brokers; only 1 at a time - the last one that it encounters in the list of brokers.

For the wording, how about "a kafka broker that is not in the ISR set is stopped on {orderer}"?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L106](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L106)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>nit: verb tense</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L106](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/3c524368ebc697b00d316c1528bb957b1b5d29d4/feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L106)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/14/2017, 6:06:05 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [ad9564b035a8d08921e2973e9cec4293f7b9477f](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/ad9564b035a8d08921e2973e9cec4293f7b9477f)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/14/2017, 6:57:22 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Adnan C - adnan.choudhury@itpeoplecorp.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L40](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/ad9564b035a8d08921e2973e9cec4293f7b9477f/feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L40)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>no empty strings with no list of kafka brokers is</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L40](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/ad9564b035a8d08921e2973e9cec4293f7b9477f/feature/steps/orderer_util.py#L40)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/16/2017, 3:15:01 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [ee884870eed11a2dede80bc5a9240996b890f45b](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/ee884870eed11a2dede80bc5a9240996b890f45b)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/16/2017, 6:48:05 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/16/2017, 9:26:53 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/17/2017, 4:51:14 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [9041f47170af4a0962792754a0e60fde6b5e10bd](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/9041f47170af4a0962792754a0e60fde6b5e10bd)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/17/2017, 6:41:00 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/17/2017, 7:02:42 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L210](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L210)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>my error was occurring here. this is the first invoke after you stop the network by reducing to one operating KB. Could we insert a few secs delay before the invoke statement above this line?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L210](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L210)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I'm not sure that I understand. There is a 60 sec wait before the invoke now. This line just checks the result from the invoke that occurred already.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L233](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L233)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>might want to make this 60 too, since the KBs need to sync up here.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L233](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L233)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L235](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L235)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>and I don't think we have to increase this, but not sure if this first invoke will encounter delays too. keep in mind for future if intermittent failures occur here.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L235](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L235)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I can increase this to 10 sec before the query</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L237](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L237)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>and copy the same 7 lines to bring up the other KB, invoke and query for 960</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L237](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L237)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I can do this, but I don't think that it will really add much to the test, though.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/orderer.feature#L237](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/7fe9ed0af3b56732f4d96031a1f9663cb8ce333c/feature/orderer.feature#L237)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>the test title indicates you are doing this. thanks for adding it.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 7</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/18/2017, 10:58:28 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [7ff5bb02c0aa137d2bd4aaa5031b26e5c4130b06](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/7ff5bb02c0aa137d2bd4aaa5031b26e5c4130b06)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/18/2017, 5:50:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/18/2017, 5:50:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 8</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/22/2017, 12:05:27 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [9f11e7fbbc560e06c826efaa9d11bf5313862bd1](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/9f11e7fbbc560e06c826efaa9d11bf5313862bd1)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/22/2017, 7:12:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/22/2017, 7:12:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 9</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/25/2017, 10:22:06 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [8db08b2a8a0eb403b1e746c3cf0f4107a4997ef2](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/8db08b2a8a0eb403b1e746c3cf0f4107a4997ef2)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 10</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/25/2017, 5:23:10 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [a53b2a73b84f595633fe53f6edbafb3720e61402](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/a53b2a73b84f595633fe53f6edbafb3720e61402)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 11</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/25/2017, 5:40:39 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [a419b3031f07f85b9cb61b4ebbbc82594cab9421](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/a419b3031f07f85b9cb61b4ebbbc82594cab9421)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/31/2017, 8:29:31 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/25/2017, 7:08:29 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 8/25/2017, 7:08:42 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/25/2017, 7:08:29 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>