<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 10983<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Support TLS for peer to couchdb communication<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:18:45 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 8/13/2017, 2:52:50 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Support TLS for peer to couchdb communication

The TLS communication between couchDB and peers
has been enabled by introducing 2 more variables
in config.go definition( isTlsEnabled/certPath).
Both of the new variables come from the core.yaml config file.
Without too much changes, the code for peer to trust a specific
couchDB cert has been introduced in couchdbutil.go,
CreateCouchInstance() method, by adding the given
couchDB cert into a X509 cert pool.
Just as what we have been discussing on JIRA.

Also I changed the test cases accordingly.
I have tested the code locally with the end2end flow,
but there is still some work (to modify the
docker-compose files) left to modify the e2e test.
However, I am commiting this part of work
which has enabled the TLS for couchDB to see
if there could be any potential problem
and if any available suggestions.

Change-Id: Ic03ccb221b37a0bf926daeb3f5d1b4709133dd2c
Signed-off-by: wyanglau <wenyangl@ca.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:18:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:18:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/9387/ (1/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:20:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/5238/ (2/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:21:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/7786/ (3/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:22:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/13732/ (4/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:48:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/9387/ : FAILURE

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-z/9387

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/13732/ : FAILURE

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-x86_64/13732

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/5238/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/5238

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/7786/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/7786</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/24/2017, 9:19:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(4 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/24/2017, 9:23:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

can you please make your commit title start with [FAB-2846] ?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/24/2017, 9:24:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

also from the commit message I take this is not finished so can you add [WIP] to the commit title or to the commit message?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/24/2017, 9:27:36 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

Hi Ryan,

1. First, thanks for this.
2. Just for context, we have just cut a release-candidate and are in a feature freeze mode, but I want to make sure that we are not missing anything.
3. Please include a reference to the aforementioned JIRA ticket.
4. I'm temporarily marking this with -2, but PLEASE don't read anything else into it other than what I wrote about in 1-3 (that we are in a freeze and need more information, etc.)

Thanks again, Jon</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/26/2017, 10:15:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (4 comments)

Thanks Jonathan. I need to fix the code according to Yacov's comment. As well it failed the CI job thus I will fix it.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/26/2017, 10:18:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (4 comments)

Thanks for the comments. The CORS was enabled because I tested the TLS communication on my local machine but it failed to call POST method onto couchDB once; however it works fine without CORS=true now so I will remove this definition from local.ini. 

I will apply all of your comments and add them to this review ticket again.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/26/2017, 10:21:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> also from the commit message I take this is not finished so can you
 > add [WIP] to the commit title or to the commit message?

I mentioned about not finishing the parts in the e2e example because I am not sure if I should do it within this JIRA ticket, or there is already another one for the e2e. If not, I will generate the certs for the couchDB communication and modify the description in the docker-compose files.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/26/2017, 1:00:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Hi Ryan,
 > 
 > 1. First, thanks for this.
 > 2. Just for context, we have just cut a release-candidate and are
 > in a feature freeze mode, but I want to make sure that we are not
 > missing anything.
 > 3. Please include a reference to the aforementioned JIRA ticket.
 > 4. I'm temporarily marking this with -2, but PLEASE don't read
 > anything else into it other than what I wrote about in 1-3 (that we
 > are in a freeze and need more information, etc.)
 > 
 > Thanks again, Jon

By the way, should I still commit the code to this review ticket now? Or should I wait for the next opening to submit changes? Thanks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/26/2017, 2:51:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I see no problem still using this one. Jonathan can simply remove his -2 when time is due</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/5/2017, 11:21:41 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I see no problem still using this one. Jonathan can simply remove
 > his -2 when time is due

Thanks. Let me know when it is due.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/13/2017, 2:52:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Will commit latest changes</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Ryan Liu - wenyangl@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1498101525<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 17615ae9f567dca143f9fb87a98eea2b15a8256f<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/21/2017, 11:48:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/24/2017, 9:27:36 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>