<strong>Project</strong>: fabric</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 11909<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Nominate Alessandro as maintainer<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 7/25/2017, 12:59:19 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/20/2017, 1:52:17 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Nominate Alessandro as maintainer

Alessandro has been the key contributor on MSP/crypto
components and a security expert on the team. He has
also worked on other components, including SDK, ledger,
gossip, peer, and orderer from design, code to reviews,
especially with security focus. He has presented Fabric
at numerous venues, from industry to accademic events
to promote Hyperledger and Hyperledger Fabric.

I've often called on Alessandro to review any security
related code changes. Currently we have no maintainers
from MSP/crypto components. He would be an excellent
addition to our team of maintainers.

Change-Id: I4f24fb64a2b15e282a39d8b14a01d6f0a48deeba
Signed-off-by: Binh Q. Nguyen <binhn@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 12:59:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 12:59:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/10096/ (1/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:01:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/14445/ (2/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:02:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/5947/ (3/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:04:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

Well deserved! :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:09:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/8492/ (4/4)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:12:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:15:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

With pleasure (deeply deserved!)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:20:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:33:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

I have appreciates Ale's thoughtful code reviews on many of my CRs.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 2:18:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/14445/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-x86_64/14445

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/10096/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-z/10096

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/5947/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/5947

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/8492/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/jobbuilder/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-1/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/8492</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 2:26:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 3:30:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 4:06:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Angelo De Caro - adc@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 8:26:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

Well deserved :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: YAOGUO JIANG - jiangyaoguo@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/25/2017, 10:59:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/27/2017, 9:50:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

No offense to Alessandro, but I'm not sure why we need yet another maintainer?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/27/2017, 10:36:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

I tend to agree with Gari, I think that a) there are already too many maintainers and b) that certainly there are more than enough IBMers. My preference in growing maintainers would be to have other members join and some IBMers step back over time to get to more of a diverse group.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/27/2017, 12:04:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> No offense to Alessandro, but I'm not sure why we need yet another
 > maintainer?

@gari, as i wrote in the nomination, currently we have no maintainers from MSP and BCCSP components. Some people become maintainer without any significant contribution. Where is meritocracy here?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/27/2017, 12:09:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I tend to agree with Gari, I think that a) there are already too
 > many maintainers and b) that certainly there are more than enough
 > IBMers. My preference in growing maintainers would be to have other
 > members join and some IBMers step back over time to get to more of
 > a diverse group.

One becomes a maintain because he or she sustains significant contribution to the project. Maintainer is based on meritocracy, not politics, gender, or company.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/27/2017, 2:16:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > I tend to agree with Gari, I think that a) there are already too
 > > many maintainers and b) that certainly there are more than enough
 > > IBMers. My preference in growing maintainers would be to have
 > other
 > > members join and some IBMers step back over time to get to more
 > of
 > > a diverse group.
 > 
 > One becomes a maintain because he or she sustains significant
 > contribution to the project. Maintainer is based on meritocracy,
 > not politics, gender, or company.

I have to agree with Binh. Ale's contributions plus lack of maintainers in MSP and related Crypto makes a compelling story IMHO.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2017, 9:05:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hi, 

Also my two cents :)

In the past for merges associated to security-sensitive code (MSPs/ACLs),  a review of +1 was requested by us prior to maintainers add their +2. When this request was respected, it resulted into at least 3 ppl reviewing the code to get the +2 from two maintainers. When this request was overlooked, it resulted in some cases into security-vulnerable code getting merged. 

Therefore, I agree with Binh and Murali, that adding Ale as maintainer, who is a security expert located in Zurich, would largely speed up high-quality reviews of security-sensitive code.

With kind regards,
Elli</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/17/2017, 11:51:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I notice that this is still pending... so here are my 2 cents along with an attempt to re-ignite the discussion.

These CRs are tricky in general, but even more so when we are looking at an individual case (like Alessandro's for instance), because this may put both the maintainer and the individual in an awkward position.

One of the biggest concerns which is repeatedly being raised by the community (individuals, organizations and companies) is that Hyperledger Fabric has too many IBMers that "run the show". We are all (IBMers, non-IBMers) trying to "open up" and welcome more contributors and maintainers that are non-IBMers, and I believe that now that we have stabilized and released 1.0 - HL Fabric is in a much better position to accept more contributions from the "outside world".

So while I really do not want Alessandro or anyone else to take this personally (because, for one, that decision/direction to have less IBMers was committed by IBM way before this CR came up) - we should really examine how many maintainers from IBM do we really need or want, at this point.

While my view is closer to Gari's and Chris' - I will support either choice. If we really are true to our goal and the committed fraction/percentage of external maintainers and diversity... and as this CR coming months after the last round of maintainers that we have approved at Hyperledger's DC Hackfest... the timing of this may be unfavorable to Alessandro unfortunately.

Thoughts?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/12/2017, 4:43:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed reviewer Kostas Christidis with the following votes:

* Code-Review+2 by Kostas Christidis <kostas@gmail.com>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2017, 1:42:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed reviewer Jason Yellick with the following votes:

* Code-Review+2 by Jason Yellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2017, 3:07:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I've been abstaining on voting +2 here because I am not personally familiar with Alessandro's work and the nomination has some apparent controversy attached.  In fairness to Alessandro, we should get closure on this CR.  I can see both sides of the argument (too many maintainers / too many IBM maintainers  vs merit and expertise).  While I think the former point (too many cooks or reduction in community diversity) is certainly something we should aim to minimize, I would hate to see that alone get in the way of someone who could bring real domain expertise to the project.  On the other hand, there's nothing that says someone has to be a maintainer to bring that expertise.  Therefore, I remain neutral and simply ask that we get final closure either way.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2017, 11:38:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

abandoning this nomination per the discussion</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/20/2017, 1:52:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> abandoning this nomination per the discussion

Which discussion?
I would appreciate if you requested me to close my CR than you unilaterally abandoned it without my knowledge, which I don't think is in the spirit of open source.
Thanks.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Binh Q. Nguyen - binhn@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1501001959<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: a969d3b84b7dbb4af7ba0b79c18e63e5d75f96b2<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/27/2017, 10:36:37 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 2:18:30 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:15:29 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: YAOGUO JIANG - jiangyaoguo@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 10:59:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 2:26:48 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:04:00 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:12:26 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Angelo De Caro - adc@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 8:26:31 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/27/2017, 9:50:58 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 1:20:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/25/2017, 4:06:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>