<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 2465<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Membership service provider&manager peer interface<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 11/14/2016, 3:49:17 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 11/17/2016, 7:33:59 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Membership service provider&manager peer interface

This changeset contains a suggested interface for the following components:
(i) a membership service provider (MSP) interface for the peer offerring
signature generation, signature verification operations, assuming an abstract
representation of a certificate captured by the notion "Identity" and an
owning certificate (i.e., a certificate whos signing key is available)
captured by the notion of SigningIdentity. msp.go, and peermsp.go are the
files describing this interface. These files also include the description
of an MSP manager managing various MSPs.
(ii) Sample configuration format/content passed to the peer from the
genesis block (peerGenesisConfig.json), and private setup
(peerPrivateConfig.json) at setup time. The former includes MSPManager
configuration needed for verification, while the private part relates to
signing keys (passed to the escc part of the peer) at escc setup.
Sample configuration for a sample MSP is also provided.
(iii) Sample file
indicating the use of this interface on the endorser side validating a
signature, and signing a message (escc part). Notice that this changeset
does not aim to build with the rest of the system, but aims to be used as
reference for MSP-related discussions. A changeset will follow including
the appmsp, i.e., the MSP interface aiming to cover application purposes.

Change-Id: I29febe137f7e5c02cdf209531dafca320915117a
Signed-off-by: Elli Androulaki <lli@zurich.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/14/2016, 3:49:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/14/2016, 3:50:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/1574/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/14/2016, 3:53:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/2728/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/14/2016, 4:26:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/1574/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/2728/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/17/2016, 7:33:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

included in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2453</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1479156557<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: ddf3e4b2c991a1faeb02e0fba5181484102c8a1e<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/14/2016, 4:26:59 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>