<strong>Project</strong>: fabric</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 24801<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-11322] Piggybacking PutStates in a COMPLETED msg<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Yohei Ueda - yohei@jp.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 7/26/2018, 5:30:18 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 6/28/2019, 10:02:14 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-11322] Piggybacking PutStates in a COMPLETED msg

This change delays the communication of PutState calls between
peer and chaincode until the end of the transaction simulation.
Multiple PutState calls are piggybacked in a COMPLETED message
to the peer.

To keep compatibility, stub.SetUpdateMode() is introduced to
specify "write-through" and "write-back" modes. With the
"write-through" mode, the original behavior is preserved.
With "write-back" mode, all PutState calls are piggybacked in
a ChaincodeMessage_COMPLETED_WRITEBACK message to the peer.

Change-Id: Ida307fda3efc430122b6db426811a512286d8a2d
Signed-off-by: Yohei Ueda <yohei@jp.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yohei Ueda - yohei@jp.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 5:30:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 5:32:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3383/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 5:32:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 5:35:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 5:35:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3383/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3383/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3383</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 10:38:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

No major concerns with the approach but this is incomplete as is and it needs to be treated as a story instead of a bug.

At a minimum
- we need test coverage in the handler
- the improvement needs to be propagated beyond the golang shim</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/26/2018, 12:02:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(8 comments)

Please open a story in JIRA for discussion.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/27/2018, 6:16:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

I don't think supporting 2 modes of operations is the right approach.
From what I remember, the only way a putstate might fail is if the key doesn't satisfy the underlying DB key naming rules, and that's it.
The rest of "putState" is adding to a map, isn't it?
(del state is similar...) 

Therefore the code change in the peer side should be minimal:
just not send back the response. 

I think the ideal implementation of this story, is by having the shim delay sending all the putState/delState to just before sending the completed message, and the peer just not sending back the responses for the operations, but just failing the transaction itself if something in the name doesn't fit.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:46:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3438/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:46:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -F1-VerifyBuild

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:46:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3438/ : ABORTED

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3438/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3438</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:48:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3439/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:48:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:50:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:50:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3439/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3439/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/3439</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2018, 5:11:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed reviewer Matthew Sykes with the following votes:

* Code-Review-1 by Matthew Sykes <sykesmat@us.ibm.com>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/28/2019, 10:02:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

This CR has aged out according to the CR aging policy in CONTRIBUTING.rst</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yohei Ueda - yohei@jp.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yohei Ueda - yohei@jp.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1532597418<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 3b39ebcae4b30ce9a6979436ea2ced5efd5716e7<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/28/2018, 7:50:01 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/27/2018, 6:16:38 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>