<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 28618<br><strong>Subject</strong>: fix: sync between levelDB close() & rw APIs()<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:02:06 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/11/2019, 10:24:47 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>fix: sync between levelDB close() & rw APIs()

all Get(), Put(), Write(), NewIterator() in the golevelDB
implementation first checks whether the db is closed. If it
is already closed, it would return an error. When
NewIterator() and Close() rarely interleaves in one of the
unit-test as descirbed in FAB-13374, we get into nil pointer
exception. Though we see this nil pointer exception with
NewIterator() call only (due to the test scenario), we could get
a similar problem with get, put, writeBatch call too. Hence,
instead of using a sync.Mutex, this CR uses a sync.RWMutex
and acquire a write lock during Close() and read lock for all
other functions.

FAB-13374 #done

Change-Id: Ibc6dd67c6c878ed56618215b6a973c650ea9c11b
Signed-off-by: senthil <cendhu@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:02:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:07:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/8827/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:08:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:14:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:15:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/8827/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/8827</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:17:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/7773/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:17:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:17:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/4576/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:18:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:43:42 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:55:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:55:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/7773/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/7773

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/4576/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/4576</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 9:14:39 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 1:29:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 2:12:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 2:18:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 5:43:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

From the commit message -> "Though we see this nil pointer exception with NewIterator() call only (due to the test scenario), we could get a similar problem with get, put, writeBatch call too"...

With this approach, I would prefer to cover the 'Next'/'Release' functions of iterator as well. Other option could be to look through leveldb code and confirm and limit the locking to the problematic functions.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2019, 10:44:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> From the commit message -> "Though we see this nil pointer exception with NewIterator() call only (due to the test scenario), we could get a similar problem with get, put, writeBatch call too"...
> 
> With this approach, I would prefer to cover the 'Next'/'Release' functions of iterator as well. Other option could be to look through leveldb code and confirm and limit the locking to the problematic functions.

The explicit check on whether the db is closed is made only for methods on DB struct such as Get(), NewIterator() -- mainly to get a snapshot, etc... For the methods on iter struct, no such checks are made. Even after closing the db, we could use the old iterator to fetch data without errors  (as the iterator is getting a fd to an index file or something like that). I tested this -- https://play.golang.org/p/sSnNKPEryYn I also remember that you expected a similar behaviour (that iter.Next(), item.Key() would not create problem after closing the DB). Only if we call DB methods after closing the db, we get either an error like db is closed or a nil/empty iterator depending on the called DB methods (lack of consistency in goleveldb implementation). 

On the other approach, do you suggest fork or pushing a CR to golevelDB repo? I think, the golevelDB implementation may have taken an approach in which the synchronisation responsibility is given to the user. All these problems again remind us of building our own db layer.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:44:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

> > Patch Set 1:
 > >
 > > From the commit message -> "Though we see this nil pointer
 > exception with NewIterator() call only (due to the test scenario),
 > we could get a similar problem with get, put, writeBatch call
 > too"...
 > >
 > > With this approach, I would prefer to cover the 'Next'/'Release'
 > functions of iterator as well. Other option could be to look
 > through leveldb code and confirm and limit the locking to the
 > problematic functions.
 > 
 > The explicit check on whether the db is closed is made only for
 > methods on DB struct such as Get(), NewIterator() -- mainly to get
 > a snapshot, etc... For the methods on iter struct, no such checks
 > are made. Even after closing the db, we could use the old iterator
 > to fetch data without errors  (as the iterator is getting a fd to
 > an index file or something like that). I tested this --
 > https://play.golang.org/p/sSnNKPEryYn I also remember that you
 > expected a similar behaviour (that iter.Next(), item.Key() would
 > not create problem after closing the DB). Only if we call DB
 > methods after closing the db, we get either an error like db is
 > closed or a nil/empty iterator depending on the called DB methods
 > (lack of consistency in goleveldb implementation).
 > 
 > On the other approach, do you suggest fork or pushing a CR to
 > golevelDB repo? I think, the golevelDB implementation may have
 > taken an approach in which the synchronisation responsibility is
 > given to the user. All these problems again remind us of building
 > our own db layer.

I was not saying the behavior after close. After close, anyways even the function "NewIterator" works fine. I was saying when Next/Release gets called concurrently with Close. But I am fine as this CR fixes the flake in question and in our code, Close never gets called other than in UTs</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:44:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Manish Sethi</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:46:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/4065/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:47:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/5381/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:53:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I see. Manish, Sorry that I misunderstood your comment. Read it as soon as I woke up :D</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2019, 10:24:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/4065/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/4065

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/5381/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-x86_64/5381</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Senthilnathan N - cendhu@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1547096526<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [c7cc0d090531c87715b154f0c91512796e1757a0](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/c7cc0d090531c87715b154f0c91512796e1757a0)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:14:23 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:14:23 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:55:13 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/10/2019, 12:43:42 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:44:32 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Manish Sethi<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 1/11/2019, 9:44:35 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/10/2019, 9:14:39 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>