<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 2887<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Change BlockMetadata to use map of bytes<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 11/30/2016, 4:44:57 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 12/3/2016, 1:33:54 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Change BlockMetadata to use map of bytes

For storing unhashed metadata on the block such as the
invalidTxBitArray to indicate valid/invalid transactions in the
block, we will use the BlockMetadata structure. This changeset
makes the metadata a map so that various metadata
can be called up by name. The metadata map values will each be a
marshaled Envelope that contains the actual metadata bytes.

Change-Id: I5127925cf8ec1e0b746cdc9d5706e67c38d2a3f3
Signed-off-by: denyeart <enyeart@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 4:44:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 4:49:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3506/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 4:50:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/2337/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 5:25:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3506/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/2337/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 5:49:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

A comment in the proto definition of BlockMetadata describing how the map is supposed to be populated (similar to what you have in your commit message) would be great to have.

This looks GTM.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:22:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:22:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3513/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:26:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/2344/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:30:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Published edit on patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:33:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3514/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:34:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review-1

Kostas, Jason,
Looks like orderer already was using the [][]byte signature for Metadata.  I made a few updates to orderer files, but didn't want to make the more significant updates in sbft:
sbft/backend/backend.go:313: cannot use metadata (type [][]byte) as type map[string][]byte in argument to t.ledger.Append
sbft/backend/backend.go:420: cannot use headerIndex (type int) as type string in map index
sbft/backend/backend.go:427: cannot use signaturesIndex (type int) as type string in map index
# github.com/hyperledger/fabric/orderer/sbft/backend
sbft/backend/backend.go:313: cannot use metadata (type [][]byte) as type map[string][]byte in argument to t.ledger.Append
sbft/backend/backend.go:420: cannot use headerIndex (type int) as type string in map index
sbft/backend/backend.go:427: cannot use signaturesIndex (type int) as type string in map index

Could you fix up orderer accordingly?  You can build on this changeset or create a new one with all the changes, whichever is easier.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:36:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/2345/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 7:11:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3513/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/2344/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/30/2016, 7:22:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3514/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/2345/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/1/2016, 8:58:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review-1

I'm not entirely sold on the idea of using a map here.  It seems to me like there is some value in handling the metadata like the data.

If you want to look up a particular transaction quickly, you will be using an offset into the block storage on the chain.  Would it not be fairly simple to additionally index the type of envelope contained in the metadata?

The notion of a map also seems wrong on a couple other levels to me.  For instance, imagine something like 'BlockSignature', we could say that we store that at metadata['BlockSignature'] = sig.  But, two different kafka shims will produce two different values for that signature.  Then, the peer network is gossiping about BlockSignatures, and a peer has a block, and three equally valid BlockSignatures from three different shims, and because it's paranoid, decides to preserve them all.  It's non-obvious how this should be stored since the map essentially restricts us to having exactly one block signature.

And finally, I know we are fairly married to protobuf at this point, but maps are not a datastructure that is not necessarily easily represented in all marshaling schemes, for instance, I don't believe that ASN.1 supports map encodings, and so I hate to introduce dependencies which further restrict our future encoding options.

Obviously I may be overruled here, and I know that Kostas supported this proposal, so perhaps he can even change my mind, but down-voting for now.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/1/2016, 9:38:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Ok, I just want a place for committing peer to store the invalidTxBitArray :)
Since orderer created BlockMetadata and is the only component using it so far, I will defer to Jason and Kostas on how it should be used. Can you two discuss and modify BlockMetadata as needed so that others can use it?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/1/2016, 11:05:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

The ASN.1 argument is valid (as far as I can tell they don't support maps: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/bb540799(v=vs.85).aspx), BUT as you said we're pretty much married to protobufs at this point, and if anyone realistically believes that we'll switch, I'd like to hear their story. (Angelo was telling me that Golang's ASN.1 implementation has compatibility issues with openssl, so that's another think to keep in mind for the pro-ASN.1 camp.)

As for multiple values for the same point:

1. Note that you are also going to bump into this in the case when you want to add anything from f+1 to 2f signatures on a block. Ultimately nothing that can't be handled with a new message Type?

2. What prevents us from storing a marshaled "slice of Envelopes" ("message EnvelopeSlice: repeated Envelope Data" or something along these lines) as the value of a key. In most cases, it would be a slice of 1, but in cases like the ones that you and I bring up here, the length of that slice would actually be > 1.

 > If you want to look up a particular transaction quickly, you will
 > be using an offset into the block storage on the chain.  Would it
 > not be fairly simple to additionally index the type of envelope
 > contained in the metadata?
 
(By the way, I'm not sure I got this one. Expand?)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/1/2016, 12:14:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> 1. Note that you are also going to bump into this in the case when
 > you want to add anything from f+1 to 2f signatures on a block.
 > Ultimately nothing that can't be handled with a new message Type?

To the multiple-signatures point, I would argue with a simple slice, that you simply have repeated messages of type `BlockSignature`, and the receiver counts the number of different signatures, seems simple and intuitive to me?


 > 2. What prevents us from storing a marshaled "slice of Envelopes"
 > ("message EnvelopeSlice: repeated Envelope Data" or something along
 > these lines) as the value of a key. In most cases, it would be a
 > slice of 1, but in cases like the ones that you and I bring up
 > here, the length of that slice would actually be > 1.

I agree this is a viable solution, but I'm still not that convinced as to the value here.  In general, I would expect that all metadata must be parsed when receiving a block, and there's nothing which prevents things from being indexed into a map during this parsing.

 > 
 > > If you want to look up a particular transaction quickly, you will
 > > be using an offset into the block storage on the chain.  Would it
 > > not be fairly simple to additionally index the type of envelope
 > > contained in the metadata?
 > 
 > (By the way, I'm not sure I got this one. Expand?)

As I was alluding to in the previous reply, when anyone gets a block, I think the first thing they're going to do, is parse the whole thing.  In the case of the ledger work Dave has been doing, I believe the whole thing is parsed, and the transaction ids are extracted, so that the db can store offsets for a particular transaction in the db.  I assume that a peer is also going to want to parse the metadata (discarding any that it doesn't want), and it would be natural to me to build this same sort of index about the contents of the metadata and what offset to find it at.

Finally, one more concern, it's obviously addressable, but if we ever decide we want to hash the metadata (for instance, after a block's "final commit" we want to hash chain metadata to detect modifications), including maps is going to make this task slightly more annoying.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/1/2016, 12:43:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> > 2. What prevents us from storing a marshaled "slice of Envelopes"
 > > ("message EnvelopeSlice: repeated Envelope Data" or something
 > along
 > > these lines) as the value of a key. In most cases, it would be a
 > > slice of 1, but in cases like the ones that you and I bring up
 > > here, the length of that slice would actually be > 1.
 > 
 > I agree this is a viable solution, but I'm still not that convinced
 > as to the value here.  In general, I would expect that all metadata
 > must be parsed when receiving a block, and there's nothing which
 > prevents things from being indexed into a map during this parsing.

But what if you don't want to parse the entire metadata, because you want to quickly check just one thing to help you decide, say, if you want to keep processing this block or not? (Think a bit more general here, outside of David's case where it might indeed not make sense to *not* parse the entire block before doing anything with its metadata.)

The value then is what brought about the map idea in the first place. You can directly retrieve component X without having to range through a slice to find it.

FWIW, I'm still in favor of this, as I don't yet see a strong argument against it, and I like the "peek" functionality that it give us.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/1/2016, 4:45:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> But what if you don't want to parse the entire metadata, because
 > you want to quickly check just one thing to help you decide, say,
 > if you want to keep processing this block or not? (Think a bit more
 > general here, outside of David's case where it might indeed not
 > make sense to *not* parse the entire block before doing anything
 > with its metadata.)

I agree this is a use case, I'm just not convinced it's a valuable enough one.  In a just utterly ridiculous overloaded blockmetadata, we're talking what, 8? 10? entries.  In the common case I would expect f+1 signatures out of ordering (which pretty much must be parsed regardless) and 1 block configuration attestation.  Add to that whatever the peer wants to (sounds like 1 invalidtx entry?) and we've got 3 entries in the f=0 case.  I'm just not convinced a map is a huge help here.

 > 
 > The value then is what brought about the map idea in the first
 > place. You can directly retrieve component X without having to
 > range through a slice to find it.

Ranging over a slice of small magnitude just doesn't seem like a sufficient performance problem if it is performance that is the worry.  A simple utility function which does the ranging and builds a map also seems like 10 or 15 lines of code, if it is the ease of use which is the concern.

 > FWIW, I'm still in favor of this, as I don't yet see a strong
 > argument against it, and I like the "peek" functionality that it
 > give us.


To me "no argument against it" isn't good enough for increasing the complexity of a core data structure.  I agree it's not much more complex, but it's easier to state that "The metadata and data are just repeated marshaled envelopes" vs having to say "The data is repeated marshaled envelopes, but the metadata is a string map to repeated marshaled envelopes".

As I said in my first comment, I realize I may be overruled (and deliberately not -2ing it, but I don't support this change.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/2/2016, 8:53:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

The BlockData and BlockMetadata both contain lists, but the similarities end about there.  The BlockData contains similar transactions which consumers will want to iterate over, therefore an array is natural.  The BlockMetadata contains miscellaneous metadata where a specific consumer likely only cares about one of the items, therefore a map is natural. 

Perhaps Binh knows of other scenarios for how these structures will be used in the future, which may help us make a final decision...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/2/2016, 8:54:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Binh, Gari, let us know if you have thoughts on the ideal structure within BlockMetadata.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/3/2016, 1:33:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Talked to Binh, we will use an array for BlockMetadata.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1480542297<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 59713754c3415ed33a2be64928d5c79c469eb772<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/30/2016, 5:25:52 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/30/2016, 5:49:29 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1480548127<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: cb0beb435a654f43984293abc9bc22d5d1e82ca5<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/30/2016, 7:11:02 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1480548653<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 31816ad82e7b73bb8ece591b553407123603fa70<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/30/2016, 7:22:37 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/1/2016, 8:58:59 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/30/2016, 6:34:39 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>