<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3241<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-1378 beginnings of a join command<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/13/2016, 12:59:16 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 12/16/2016, 8:35:29 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-1378 beginnings of a join command

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1378

"peer node start" works as before and creates the default chain.

"peer node start --peer-defaultchain=false" however starts without
a chain. It just creates the gossip service and starts up the
peer server in a chainless, ledgerless mode. The peer is read to
accept join calls.

"peer node join -b <path to genesis block file>" calls CSCC with
the genesis block.

kvledgers is removed and the peer package is used for ledger access.

CSCC is under construction but this CR allows the work to be driven
via CLI (and later from SDK).

Change-Id: Id581c1f04b8788f54be467f593d74ea6b1efe713
Signed-off-by: Srinivasan Muralidharan <muralisr@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 12:59:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:00:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3981/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:22:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3981/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 7:51:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 7:52:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 7:53:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3986/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 7:55:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3987/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 8:20:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3987/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 8:27:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3986/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 9:07:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 9:09:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4072/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 9:44:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4072/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 11:40:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review-1

(5 comments)

Let chat about chainless thing and address the following comments.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 5:59:36 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(2 comments)

Thanks Murali, I've left you two comments, one linking to my CR that you may consider using.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:14:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(5 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:06:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:11:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4154/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:11:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:53:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4154/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 9:51:01 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 10:52:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 11:25:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 12:16:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(4 comments)

Probably missed that part, I was looking where do you call gossip join channel to notify the gossip layer of the peer which has to join the channel. Wasn't able to find it, can you please reference me were are you doing that?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 1:45:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:34:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(8 comments)

Please respond to the comments and I'll proceed with an update as necessary.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:45:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:52:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

> (2 comments)

Actually right now it is. Hence the need for "Chainless" to indicate a chaincode should/can be brought up without a chain context.

However we can also implement it another way. Take an example - the LCCC. We can just bring it up one instance and NOT tie it to a chain. Then all we have to do when a new chain is created is to initialize it on that chain. All invokes to LCCC have a chain (ledger) context anyway so that one instance of that LCCC will serve all chains. Basically one connection channel between the running LCCC and peer as opposed to one per chain.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:59:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 3:01:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

> > (2 comments)
 > 
 > Actually right now it is. Hence the need for "Chainless" to
 > indicate a chaincode should/can be brought up without a chain
 > context.
 > 
 > However we can also implement it another way. Take an example - the
 > LCCC. We can just bring it up one instance and NOT tie it to a
 > chain. Then all we have to do when a new chain is created is to
 > initialize it on that chain. All invokes to LCCC have a chain
 > (ledger) context anyway so that one instance of that LCCC will
 > serve all chains. Basically one connection channel between the
 > running LCCC and peer as opposed to one per chain.

Ah, I think I finally get it.  I had assumed that this was a global property for that chaincode, and not a local one for this particular instantiation, but it is actually a local property.  Is that right?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 3:06:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

> > > (2 comments)
 > >
 > > Actually right now it is. Hence the need for "Chainless" to
 > > indicate a chaincode should/can be brought up without a chain
 > > context.
 > >
 > > However we can also implement it another way. Take an example -
 > the
 > > LCCC. We can just bring it up one instance and NOT tie it to a
 > > chain. Then all we have to do when a new chain is created is to
 > > initialize it on that chain. All invokes to LCCC have a chain
 > > (ledger) context anyway so that one instance of that LCCC will
 > > serve all chains. Basically one connection channel between the
 > > running LCCC and peer as opposed to one per chain.
 > 
 > Ah, I think I finally get it.  I had assumed that this was a global
 > property for that chaincode, and not a local one for this
 > particular instantiation, but it is actually a local property.  Is
 > that right?

You were right the first time :-) but kinda right the second too.... It is "global" property only because I aslo use it to instantiate such objects exatly once (and not per chain as they are chainless). But if we go with the second method of instantiating LCCC, CSCC and others just once but switch the context to use different chains (or no chain/ledger) at invoke time, then we will use this "Chainless" truly global to indicate it is OK to call this without a chain context.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 3:07:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 3:08:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 4:00:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 4:02:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4197/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 4:23:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

> (4 comments)
 > 
 > Probably missed that part, I was looking where do you call gossip
 > join channel to notify the gossip layer of the peer which has to
 > join the channel. Wasn't able to find it, can you please reference
 > me were are you doing that?

The JoinChannel is done in the core/peer.go.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 4:38:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4197/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 4:55:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 5:01:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 5:24:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

it just seems to me there has got to be a better way to get these end to end things working in a more incremental fashion.  Not sure I have the answer, but seems we remove one static / hard-coded / dummy value and then end up adding another for the next stage</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 6:23:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 7.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 6:27:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4210/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 6:42:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

> it just seems to me there has got to be a better way to get these
 > end to end things working in a more incremental fashion.  Not sure
 > I have the answer, but seems we remove one static / hard-coded /
 > dummy value and then end up adding another for the next stage

The hardcoding is reducing Gari. For example, no more special "ledger manager" code. The main hardcoding now is TEST_CHAINID and the assumption that it exists in the orderer.  Did you have any other in mind which we can / should do away with ?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 6:56:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4210/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 11:33:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/16/2016, 5:58:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2

let's keep this moving</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/16/2016, 8:22:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Christopher Ferris</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/16/2016, 8:23:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/596/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/16/2016, 8:28:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Thanks for the reviews.. some good ones.

Just wanted to note that we will also propose a model where common chaincode is not instantiated for each chain but the running instance is shared. The chain context will just be switched on each invoke. This will simplify and scale. With that model, the "chainless" should go away as we won't need it to decide instantiation.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/16/2016, 8:35:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/596/ : FAILURE</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481608756<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [9e65ec9cc8ef891cbde61236f5f3573fb8685a36](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/9e65ec9cc8ef891cbde61236f5f3573fb8685a36)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:22:56 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481633462<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [52e99d0f434939030b03bf54db0bcc93873cd7b8](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/52e99d0f434939030b03bf54db0bcc93873cd7b8)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 8:27:58 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481633548<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [4726ce089dd5698caeb135e58f36985e330c7047](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/4726ce089dd5698caeb135e58f36985e330c7047)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 8:20:50 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481681243<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [3f483314c5f3ce6ca158e8ef09b967c983f8caf4](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/3f483314c5f3ce6ca158e8ef09b967c983f8caf4)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 9:44:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 11:40:40 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481785571<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [268f5e09c6ce8a980eecc5a5724af69d9a79936d](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/268f5e09c6ce8a980eecc5a5724af69d9a79936d)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/15/2016, 2:53:13 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/15/2016, 9:51:01 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481835659<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [263c7e28fc8176cdcc00dd46c5bf697c81e15d5c](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/263c7e28fc8176cdcc00dd46c5bf697c81e15d5c)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/15/2016, 4:38:30 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/15/2016, 5:01:54 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 7</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - muralisr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1481844218<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [85b47e605751650fa13c87ef2fb475f3cf1b14bd](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/85b47e605751650fa13c87ef2fb475f3cf1b14bd)<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Christopher Ferris<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 12/16/2016, 8:22:19 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/15/2016, 6:56:45 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/15/2016, 11:33:14 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/16/2016, 5:58:16 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>