<strong>Project</strong>: fabric</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 32752<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-xxxxx] Fix CouchDB cleanup process in kvledger<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Brett Logan - brett.t.logan@ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:22:51 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 8/7/2019, 4:34:54 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-xxxxx] Fix CouchDB cleanup process in kvledger

Signed-off-by: Brett Logan <Brett.T.Logan@ibm.com>
Change-Id: Ia61ba3a766ce631c13b1494bf263c14fd29d4da2
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brett Logan - brett.t.logan@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:22:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:23:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16143/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:23:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:29:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:29:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16143/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16143</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:31:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/10892/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:32:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14289/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:32:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:33:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:54:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 4:41:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 4:42:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/10892/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/10892

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14289/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14289</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 2:44:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

As pointed out in the comments to CR (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/32574/), This is a repercussion because of this earlier CR (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/31543/). This CR again tries to fix the immediate concern.

The intended use of these test environment was such that - a test can  initialize an environment (which includes creation of a fresh database for statedb and other dependent test envirnments such as "bookkeeperTestEnv".) and cleanup the test environment. So, that the tests are independent. However, The CR that got merged broke this assumption and cleanups after each test were removed. To avoid clash in the DBNames the database name were generated randomly. However, The another embedded db (bookkeeper) is shared. I would rather prefer a simple change for sharing the couchdb container that does not break the original assumption as compared to revisit all the tests with the new assumption of shared environment. I had made this suggestion in CR 32574. Do you see any issue in this?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brett Logan - brett.t.logan@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 2:56:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> As pointed out in the comments to CR (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/32574/), This is a repercussion because of this earlier CR (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/31543/). This CR again tries to fix the immediate concern.
> 
> The intended use of these test environment was such that - a test can  initialize an environment (which includes creation of a fresh database for statedb and other dependent test envirnments such as "bookkeeperTestEnv".) and cleanup the test environment. So, that the tests are independent. However, The CR that got merged broke this assumption and cleanups after each test were removed. To avoid clash in the DBNames the database name were generated randomly. However, The another embedded db (bookkeeper) is shared. I would rather prefer a simple change for sharing the couchdb container that does not break the original assumption as compared to revisit all the tests with the new assumption of shared environment. I had made this suggestion in CR 32574. Do you see any issue in this?

Manish, I 100% agree with what you've said in Jason's thread, and I'm working to refactor it to that. This change was so I could test something in an environment I knew worked, never meant for review, I should have marked it WIP. I was having an issue with something locally but it ended up being my machine which no longer works with the GoLang environment variables for some reason. Sorry for the confusion. I actually never saw your comment, but Jason and I both agreed hacking it to fix in the short term was not a solution, and fixing the suite as a whole is where we should go with it.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 4:15:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > Patch Set 1:
 > >
 > > As pointed out in the comments to CR (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/32574/),
 > This is a repercussion because of this earlier CR (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/fabric/+/31543/).
 > This CR again tries to fix the immediate concern.
 > >
 > > The intended use of these test environment was such that - a test
 > can  initialize an environment (which includes creation of a fresh
 > database for statedb and other dependent test envirnments such as
 > "bookkeeperTestEnv".) and cleanup the test environment. So, that
 > the tests are independent. However, The CR that got merged broke
 > this assumption and cleanups after each test were removed. To avoid
 > clash in the DBNames the database name were generated randomly.
 > However, The another embedded db (bookkeeper) is shared. I would
 > rather prefer a simple change for sharing the couchdb container
 > that does not break the original assumption as compared to revisit
 > all the tests with the new assumption of shared environment. I had
 > made this suggestion in CR 32574. Do you see any issue in this?
 > 
 > Manish, I 100% agree with what you've said in Jason's thread, and
 > I'm working to refactor it to that. This change was so I could test
 > something in an environment I knew worked, never meant for review,
 > I should have marked it WIP. I was having an issue with something
 > locally but it ended up being my machine which no longer works with
 > the GoLang environment variables for some reason. Sorry for the
 > confusion. I actually never saw your comment, but Jason and I both
 > agreed hacking it to fix in the short term was not a solution, and
 > fixing the suite as a whole is where we should go with it.

Sorry Brett, my apology. Dave pinged me to review this, so I assumed that this is ready.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brett Logan - brett.t.logan@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 4:34:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brett Logan - Brett.T.Logan@ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brett Logan - brett.t.logan@ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1565119371<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 8477d2d3e59e1218a822e735c2ff6782bc46e37c<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:29:04 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:29:04 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/6/2019, 4:41:51 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/6/2019, 3:54:49 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>