<strong>Project</strong>: fabric</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3949<br><strong>Subject</strong>: undefined<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 1/13/2017, 5:40:12 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/14/2017, 2:23:31 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>undefined</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 5:40:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 5:43:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5150/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 5:58:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2017, 6:28:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5150/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 6:34:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

How do we want to ensure that the sample clients actually continue to work as we move forward?   Or that they at least compile (not saying that they don't compile but it's possible that they might break in the future)?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 6:55:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

You can only catch the problem if you change a field or remove a field and then it doesn't compile.

The question is is adding a test that spawns an OS instance and makes the sample client use it, too much of an effort for a sample client or not.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 8:51:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

> You can only catch the problem if you change a field or remove a
 > field and then it doesn't compile.
 > 
 > The question is is adding a test that spawns an OS instance and
 > makes the sample client use it, too much of an effort for a sample
 > client or not.

agreed.  I'm fine with dealing with this later anyway</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 11:19:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > You can only catch the problem if you change a field or remove a
 > > field and then it doesn't compile.
 > >
 > > The question is is adding a test that spawns an OS instance and
 > > makes the sample client use it, too much of an effort for a
 > sample
 > > client or not.
 > 
 > agreed.  I'm fine with dealing with this later anyway

In this case, the sample client compiled fine (in fact, a standard go test ./... will catch non-compiling sample clients).  But I agree, in the future, it might be a good idea to add a test which starts an orderer, and executes the sample client and at least checks a return code to make sure there is no error.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:45:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:45:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Christopher Ferris</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:46:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/749/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2017, 2:23:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/749/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1484347212<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [e924eee02a79fb3aac7c2bdfef484c57cc7e96ea](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/e924eee02a79fb3aac7c2bdfef484c57cc7e96ea)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:45:37 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Christopher Ferris<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 1/14/2017, 1:45:39 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2017, 6:28:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2017, 5:58:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2017, 8:51:20 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>