<strong>Project</strong>: fabric</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 5503<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-2024] Add isValidated flag to transaction proto<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 2/3/2017, 9:14:10 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/11/2017, 12:53:41 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-2024] Add isValidated flag to transaction proto

When clients retrieve a transaction from ledger, they need to know whether the
transaction was validated or invalidated by committing peer.

isValidated is being added at the ChainHeader, the same transaction header
that specifies the txID.

isValidated indicates whether the transaction referenced by txID has been validated
by committer, meaning it has passed all committing peer validation checks including
endorsement policy, any MVCC checks, and any other VSCC validations.
Value defaults to 'false' and is ignored when submitting new transactions.
Intended to be used by clients when retrieving the transaction post-commit.

This changeset simply adds isValidated to the proto.  It will be populated
by committer and referenced by clients in subsequent changesets.

Change-Id: I1ada4a4e552f4da56ff17a040bf04fdae9e4033a
Signed-off-by: denyeart <enyeart@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/3/2017, 9:14:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/3/2017, 9:16:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6178/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/3/2017, 9:24:36 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/3/2017, 9:28:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6179/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/3/2017, 10:18:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6178/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/3/2017, 10:30:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6179/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/5/2017, 11:52:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Dave, Would there be an issue if we introduce a separate message (say `TransactionValidationResult`) in `protos/peer/transaction.proto` something similar to `TransactionAction` and `InvalidTransaction`?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ruslan Kryukov - ruslan.kryukov@ru.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2017, 10:54:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2017, 11:00:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Gari, Binh, 
Do you have a preference for how valid/invalid flag is represented in the proto, when returning a transaction to a client, for example in API GetTransactionById().
We could add an attribute to the transaction header, or add a new message type as Manish suggested.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2017, 2:28:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Gari, Binh,
 > Do you have a preference for how valid/invalid flag is represented
 > in the proto, when returning a transaction to a client, for example
 > in API GetTransactionById().
 > We could add an attribute to the transaction header, or add a new
 > message type as Manish suggested.

If you add it to the transaction header, I assume you'd only be adding this when retrieving the transaction and not actually modifying this when writing the block containing it to disk (you store the list of invalid txs in a bitarray as I recall)?  (I forget what's signed and not signed these days)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2017, 2:29:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> > Gari, Binh,
 > > Do you have a preference for how valid/invalid flag is
 > represented
 > > in the proto, when returning a transaction to a client, for
 > example
 > > in API GetTransactionById().
 > > We could add an attribute to the transaction header, or add a new
 > > message type as Manish suggested.
 > 
 > If you add it to the transaction header, I assume you'd only be
 > adding this when retrieving the transaction and not actually
 > modifying this when writing the block containing it to disk (you
 > store the list of invalid txs in a bitarray as I recall)?  (I
 > forget what's signed and not signed these days)

Hit return too soon.  I guess my preference would be to have a new wrapper message type which has the actual tx extracted from the block in one field and the validity flag in the other</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2017, 6:13:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

Gari,
You are right - the validated flag is populated from the block validation bitmap upon 'retrieve' of a transaction from block storage. 

You bring up a good point about the signature, which is a signature on the serialized payload (header+data) as follows:

Envelope
- Signature (of serialized payload)
- Serialized Payload
  - Header
  - Data (serialized transaction)

We wouldn't want to alter the serialized data that is signed, therefore the validation flag will have to go 'above' the serialized data, not within the header where I had it at first.

Option 1 - Add a wrapper on top of the Envelope, so that we don’t impact the envelope that was sent in at all:

TransactionValidation
- isValidated
- Envelope
  — Signature (of serialized payload)
  - Serialized Payload
    - Header
    - Data (serialized transaction)

Option 2 - Add an attribute to the Envelope, which will be ignored for ‘incoming’ transactions and populated for transaction requests from clients. It would also be ignored for other payload types.

Envelope
- isValidated
- Signature (of serialized payload)
- Serialized Payload
  - Header
  - Data (serialized transaction)

Option 1 seems the cleaner choice, as much as I was hoping to avoid adding additional layers (the tran already has about 10 layers).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/7/2017, 7:09:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Gari,
 > You are right - the validated flag is populated from the block
 > validation bitmap upon 'retrieve' of a transaction from block
 > storage.
 > 
 > You bring up a good point about the signature, which is a signature
 > on the serialized payload (header+data) as follows:
 > 
 > Envelope
 > - Signature (of serialized payload)
 > - Serialized Payload
 > - Header
 > - Data (serialized transaction)
 > 
 > We wouldn't want to alter the serialized data that is signed,
 > therefore the validation flag will have to go 'above' the
 > serialized data, not within the header where I had it at first.
 > 
 > Option 1 - Add a wrapper on top of the Envelope, so that we don’t
 > impact the envelope that was sent in at all:
 > 
 > TransactionValidation
 > - isValidated
 > - Envelope
 > — Signature (of serialized payload)
 > - Serialized Payload
 > - Header
 > - Data (serialized transaction)
 > 
 > Option 2 - Add an attribute to the Envelope, which will be ignored
 > for ‘incoming’ transactions and populated for transaction requests
 > from clients. It would also be ignored for other payload types.
 > 
 > Envelope
 > - isValidated
 > - Signature (of serialized payload)
 > - Serialized Payload
 > - Header
 > - Data (serialized transaction)
 > 
 > Option 1 seems the cleaner choice, as much as I was hoping to avoid
 > adding additional layers (the tran already has about 10 layers).

Every now and then I get something right!  :)   I think we go with option 1 - what's another layer when we already have so many?   I prefer 1 really because I think its cleaner as you mention</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/7/2017, 3:35:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

As discussed, I'd like a different message like
message ProcessedTransaction {
    bool valid
    Envelop env
}
Probably it should go into transaction.proto file</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/11/2017, 12:53:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Addressed comments in:
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/5887/</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1486131250<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 54803de57bcc09857f991790000a2f4c1363fe63<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/3/2017, 10:18:06 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1486131876<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 44ec25dfd5105ec649f361549553bdc7d651ff43<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/3/2017, 10:30:25 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/6/2017, 6:13:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Ruslan Kryukov - ruslan.kryukov@ru.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/6/2017, 10:54:31 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>