<strong>Project</strong>: fabric</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 6075<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-2257] Fix local orderer startup<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:31:04 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/16/2017, 7:34:20 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-2257] Fix local orderer startup

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-2257

In fixing the orderer docker startup, the orderer.yaml file was modified
to include the LocalMSPDir.  This was required because without the
variable in the yaml, the environment variable would not take effect.
However, this orderer.yaml variable was incorrectly set to ../msp when
it was being set as a default in code to ../msp/sampleconfig.  This CR
fixes that.

Change-Id: I775b70a0d14d5a9b13ed71b71ef196a70748690a
Signed-off-by: Jason Yellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:31:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 3:35:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7038/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:27:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:31:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:58:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7038/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2017, 9:37:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 8:57:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:36:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:37:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 10:41:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7064/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:08:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

For consistency's sake then, shouldn't all paths in the YAML file be relative to the `fabric` then?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:12:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:13:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> For consistency's sake then, shouldn't all paths in the YAML file
 > be relative to the `fabric` then?

This doesn't really work because a runtime will typically not have a source tree</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:22:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> It's ok to have the default configuration file be searched for in some relative/repo sense, but once we have the config file, it should provide all other guidance.  If that guidance includes URLs to other files, the URLs should support some kind of relative mode that makes sense.  To me, the only thing that makes sense is to imply a relationship to the config file that is specifying the URL, not the binary/CWD.

I do not doubt that you're right, but the specifics of the proposal are somewhat lost on me. (I read FAB-2037 as well BTW). Using `orderer/orderer.yaml` as an example what would be the right way of doing this?

There are two issues we need to address based on your comments:

1. How do we look for the config file? You say "in some relative/repo sense". Can you give an example?
2. How does the config file point to other files? Specifically here -- wow should the config file point to the `msp/sampleconfig` folder?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:23:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

s/wow/how</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:59:42 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7064/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 12:08:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

currently we are broken in dev env (non-Docker) as users have to modify orderer.yaml to add "/sampleconfig" or override with the ENV var. I vote we accept this  to remove that annoyance and figure out the right approach in a separate CR ?

That said having 3 different ways in general is becoming more and more unmaneagable : yaml file, PEER_CONFIG_PATH, GOPATH . Perhaps we should specify PEER_CONFIG_PATH in yaml and have everything relative to that. This would work in all envs uniformly (is this close to what you are suggesting, Greg ?)  Would mean a helper util function to append various paths to PEER_CONFIG_PATH (or does viper support env embedding ?)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 2:24:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:08:36 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:12:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7079/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:20:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:26:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Currently, I think this is how it works
- In development, we know where the yaml file is, and we can load it with all other files defined relative to fabric/ 
- In production, we define env var where to find the yaml file. For peer, currently we have os.Getenv("PEER_CFG_PATH"), and this is where we read core.yaml. Similarly, on orderer, we do os.Getenv("ORDERER_CFG_PATH") to find orderer.yaml. We assume that where-ever we find yaml, we'll find other files relative to it (except absolute path).

So there're differences between dev and prod env.  We should consolidate and define all paths in yaml are relative to that yaml file location unless absolute paths. This would give us 1 control point either in dev or prod.  Thoughts?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 4:29:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Currently, I think this is how it works
 > - In development, we know where the yaml file is, and we can load
 > it with all other files defined relative to fabric/
 > - In production, we define env var where to find the yaml file. For
 > peer, currently we have os.Getenv("PEER_CFG_PATH"), and this is
 > where we read core.yaml. Similarly, on orderer, we do
 > os.Getenv("ORDERER_CFG_PATH") to find orderer.yaml. We assume that
 > where-ever we find yaml, we'll find other files relative to it
 > (except absolute path).
 > 
 > So there're differences between dev and prod env.  We should
 > consolidate and define all paths in yaml are relative to that yaml
 > file location unless absolute paths. This would give us 1 control
 > point either in dev or prod.  Thoughts?

I think that we do _not_ do this today, but this is essentially the behavior that is being described in FAB-2037.  So I am in full agreement that this is a good idea, but note that we are not there today.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 5:14:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/7079/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:01:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

> I think that we do _not_ do this today, but this is essentially the
 > behavior that is being described in FAB-2037.  So I am in full
 > agreement that this is a good idea, but note that we are not there
 > today.

Ok, that great. I will look into implementing FAB-2037.  For now, I propose that we merge this CR to avoid the apparent problem mentioned by Murali.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:26:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

+1 Binh's suggestion to merge and continue discussion and futue CR under FAB-2037</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

Agree with Binh.  Let's unblock and fix for real moving forward.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Greg Haskins</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:31:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/1095/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2017, 7:34:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/1095/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1487190664<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/0f9ad28b64c336d5f30ede9a9a672853dc659eaa)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/15/2017, 4:58:46 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1487259384<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [974692bc10da77596c3250f64818565b391213dc](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/974692bc10da77596c3250f64818565b391213dc)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:59:42 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 11:08:15 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1487279316<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [8cb3057161bb1c33d1c03c00c761722cc18c6670](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/8cb3057161bb1c33d1c03c00c761722cc18c6670)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 5:14:23 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Greg Haskins<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:27:28 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2017, 6:01:02 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>