<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-sdk-node<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1055<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Initial implementation<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/14/2016, 10:17:40 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/27/2016, 5:26:11 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Initial implementation

based on v0.6 node.js SDK, eliminating TypeScript and using pure
CommonJS instead, with individual modules

At of this changeset, only the following public APIs (and other APIs
needed to make them work) have been tested:
- Chain.register()
- Chain.enroll()
- Chain.registerAndEnroll()

To test, run "membersrvc" process (in Docker, Vagrant or as native
process) and run ca-tests.js.

headless-tests.js can be run successfully as well.

Addressing comments from code review of changeset1

- removed untested code in Member.js and Chain.js (related to tx processing)
- removed untested modules: Peer.js
- added gulp jsdoc generation task
- enhanced jsdoc for modules and classes in this changeset
- removed docs folder
- added the missing license headers to some files

Change-Id: I2fd9874e64b4bf25eaa9efb3d4990a6c735010ff
Signed-off-by: Jim Zhang <jzhang@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2016, 10:17:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2016, 10:50:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 2:50:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1

Is there a standard copyright needed?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 3:34:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 3:34:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 5:21:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Reviewing, but do we need the /lib/tmp files for any reason?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 5:24:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 1:04:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 1:06:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(2 comments)

hi Chris, Gari, I addressed the review comments and:
- removed untested code
- locked the sjcl and sjcl-codec module versions
- added gulp task for doc generation based on jsdoc (and checked in the generated doc files)

please kindly review again. thanks!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 2:14:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

looks like you also need to add the license header to all the new js file</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 7:48:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

We should discuss. I don't think we should have the generated docs in source control. Should be a function of the build.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2016, 7:06:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2016, 7:17:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2016, 7:18:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

two more changes pushed from the latest comments:
- updated license texts to comply to the template
- removed "tmp" folder that was checked in by accident</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2016, 6:14:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review-1

> two more changes pushed from the latest comments:
 > - updated license texts to comply to the template
 > - removed "tmp" folder that was checked in by accident

I still think we should be handling docs outside of SCM. Gari and I both agree that we should a) use jsdoc plugin to generate markdown and b) publish that with the readthedocs or in a wiki. Keeping the docs in sync will be painful.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/20/2016, 8:39:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/20/2016, 8:40:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

> > two more changes pushed from the latest comments:
 > > - updated license texts to comply to the template
 > > - removed "tmp" folder that was checked in by accident
 > 
 > I still think we should be handling docs outside of SCM. Gari and I
 > both agree that we should a) use jsdoc plugin to generate markdown
 > and b) publish that with the readthedocs or in a wiki. Keeping the
 > docs in sync will be painful.

OK, that's reasonable. just removed the docs folder. please check again.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kai Chen - 281165273@qq.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/20/2016, 9:38:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

(2 comments)

Why we give up typescript? IMHO it is better than pure javascript, Angular2 already adopt it.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/24/2016, 10:17:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

> (2 comments)
 > 
 > Why we give up typescript? IMHO it is better than pure javascript,
 > Angular2 already adopt it.

Kai, that's a fair question. The main reason to remove typescript is to simplify the tool chain in the contributor's development environment. the original motivation for using TypeScript on the node.js SDK project revolved around it's affordance for code structure constructs such as interfaces and classes. while that can be easily achieved with much simpler prototype based javascript techniques as demonstrated in base.js. along with CommonJS modules we can have the equivalence of interfaces and classes rather easily.

for strong typing, I don't think it's a big problem really. I've been on large projects completely based on node.js (one of them made up of 10+ separate microservices projects) and enforcing types using documentation and communication is more than enough. relying on unit tests to enforce types is a much better mechanism.

hope this helps.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/24/2016, 10:19:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Chris, Gari, do you still have further comments? If you are OK with the changes made in response to your past comments, please help us merge the patches. The team have been waiting for this for a while now. thanks!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/26/2016, 12:25:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

Jim, every source file needs a license header. To keep the provenance and licensing clear, please add for initial commit.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/26/2016, 2:33:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 7.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/26/2016, 4:24:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2 Verified+1

LGTM to start, there are some things I'd like addressed but I can add JIRAs for this. Most importantly we need to get eslint and testing going quickly.

I'm also thinking that we want to handle protos differently, since these apply across all SDKs and the core.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/26/2016, 4:44:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+1

(24 comments)

A few doc comments</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/27/2016, 5:26:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2

I'll approve and merge this, but I think moving forward we should strictly be focused on getting this to work with the V1 architecture.  So I would suspect that the next step should be to implement the APIs required for the basic V1 skeleton to work - basically ability to submit endorsement and to the ordering service</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/27/2016, 5:26:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Gari Singh</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/14/2016, 10:17:40 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [411afe6768db949a9c0e8549f472f4d204887ad1](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/411afe6768db949a9c0e8549f472f4d204887ad1)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/14/2016, 10:50:27 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/15/2016, 3:34:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/15/2016, 2:50:44 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [/COMMIT_MSG#L12](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8//COMMIT_MSG#L12)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>shouldn't the patch then be limited to what is coherent?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [index.js#L16](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8/index.js#L16)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>what is this "licensed materials"? I think we should just be using the provided template https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/docs/dev-setup/headers.txt</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [index.js#L16](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8/index.js#L16)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>hi Chris, I compared it with the template at the link, it's the same. Am I missing something?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [index.js#L16](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8/index.js#L16)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>/*
 Copyright [COPYRIGHT OWNER] All Rights Reserved.

 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
*/

The lines that follow are not part of the template. Further, the 'All Rights Reserved/ is omitted.

17	+ * Licensed Materials - Property of IBM
18	+ * © Copyright IBM Corp. 2016
19	+ */

This is not part of the template.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [package.json#L28](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8/package.json#L28)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>we need to lock the versions of sjcl and sjcl-codec.   with the previous SDK, sjcl 1.0.5 broke things.  Has something changed here?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [package.json#L28](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/72b7402c1dc3898771ce9901184321a3bce9b9c8/package.json#L28)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>oversight on my part (forked the fabric code before this incident), should've brought it in since it breaks the SDK. will make a change to the patch</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/16/2016, 1:04:22 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [73a0d683ac6e0b664a1d600d0cbcc14d30fa148c](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/73a0d683ac6e0b664a1d600d0cbcc14d30fa148c)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/16/2016, 7:48:18 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/17/2016, 7:06:49 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [7264d521a8902fed63f3b4b521075c2588429da4](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/7264d521a8902fed63f3b4b521075c2588429da4)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/17/2016, 7:17:23 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [11861fe7778d75cfd537b73398a8910fbb134acd](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/11861fe7778d75cfd537b73398a8910fbb134acd)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/18/2016, 6:14:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/20/2016, 8:39:54 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [e7cd49b9d807145182319da4aee2d10a181fefee](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/e7cd49b9d807145182319da4aee2d10a181fefee)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/26/2016, 12:25:31 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kai Chen - 281165273@qq.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [build/tasks/doc.js#L0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/e7cd49b9d807145182319da4aee2d10a181fefee/build/tasks/doc.js#L0)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>whitespace</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kai Chen - 281165273@qq.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [index.js#L0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/e7cd49b9d807145182319da4aee2d10a181fefee/index.js#L0)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>whitespace</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L1](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/e7cd49b9d807145182319da4aee2d10a181fefee/lib/Chain.js#L1)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>missing license header</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 7</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/26/2016, 2:33:23 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/26/2016, 4:24:25 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/26/2016, 4:24:25 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/27/2016, 5:26:06 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Gari Singh<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 9/27/2016, 5:26:11 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/26/2016, 4:44:15 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L82](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L82)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add that "This is the constructor for Chain" to the doc</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L108](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L108)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>How would we check this object to be sure it is a 'Member'. Should we have some common object validation helper</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L143](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L143)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add a @returns to doc comment</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L150](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L150)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add a @returns to the doc comment</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L164](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L164)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add a @returns to the doc comment</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L193](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L193)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add a @returns to the doc comment</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L208](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L208)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add a @param to the doc comment</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L241](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L241)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add a @param to the doc comment</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L307](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L307)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Need to remove this parameter</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Chain.js#L336](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Chain.js#L336)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>What is this used for?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/CryptoSuite_ECDSA_SHA.js#L72](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/CryptoSuite_ECDSA_SHA.js#L72)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we have doc here</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/CryptoSuite_ECDSA_SHA.js#L114](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/CryptoSuite_ECDSA_SHA.js#L114)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Are these public functions, do they need doc</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/CryptoSuite_ECDSA_SHA.js#L447](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/CryptoSuite_ECDSA_SHA.js#L447)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>is this a public function, should it be doc'd this way</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/FileKeyValueStore.js#L40](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/FileKeyValueStore.js#L40)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we have "This is the constructor for FileKeyValueStore"</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Member.js#L205](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Member.js#L205)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add @returns Promise</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Member.js#L241](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Member.js#L241)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add @returns Promise</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Member.js#L287](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Member.js#L287)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add @returns Promise</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Member.js#L347](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Member.js#L347)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we add @param</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/Member.js#L380](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/Member.js#L380)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Is this function used ?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/MemberServices.js#L41](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/MemberServices.js#L41)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should this be MemberServices</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/MemberServices.js#L254](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/MemberServices.js#L254)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Is this function used</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/X509Certificate.js#L25](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/X509Certificate.js#L25)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should we have doc for this class</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [lib/base.js#L2](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/lib/base.js#L2)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Is it OK to have two copyrights</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [package.json#L3](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/4d9b475600bc7304b8cd57a99fced59fbe89cdd5/package.json#L3)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Is the correct version</pre></blockquote>