<strong>Project</strong>: cello<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 17957<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [CE-276] Tweak Ansible readme + tidy apt package list.<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2018, 12:35:55 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/16/2018, 10:40:17 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[CE-276] Tweak Ansible readme + tidy apt package list.

Change-Id: I8c4a7314c5457a9131120e8a32a843b5a2e99894
Signed-off-by: Ben Leggett <benjamin.leggett1@t-mobile.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 12:35:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 12:37:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/584/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 12:43:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/584/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/584</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 3:27:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

python 2 is needed to use ssh accessing the remote servers. Ansible 3 is supported only by ansible tech preview, I would not upgrade to it unless it becomes officially supported.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 3:43:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> python 2 is needed to use ssh accessing the remote servers. Ansible
 > 3 is supported only by ansible tech preview, I would not upgrade to
 > it unless it becomes officially supported.

This does not change the version of python used by the Ansible controller, just the Fabric nodes themselves. The Ubuntu 16.04 AMIs only ship with python3, so the default scripts (which assume python2) fail as-is.

I've tested this change with all the AWS playbooks on python3, and it works fine. Ansible 2.4 and boto both perfectly happy on python3.

If we still really do not want to use python3, I will change the scripts to install python2 on the Fabric nodes, so we do not fail with recent 16.04 LTS AMIs</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:24:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > python 2 is needed to use ssh accessing the remote servers.
 > Ansible
 > > 3 is supported only by ansible tech preview, I would not upgrade
 > to
 > > it unless it becomes officially supported.
 > 
 > This does not change the version of python used by the Ansible
 > controller, just the Fabric nodes themselves. The Ubuntu 16.04 AMIs
 > only ship with python3, so the default scripts (which assume
 > python2) fail as-is.
 > 
 > I've tested this change with all the AWS playbooks on python3, and
 > it works fine. Ansible 2.4 and boto both perfectly happy on
 > python3.
 > 
 > If we still really do not want to use python3, I will change the
 > scripts to install python2 on the Fabric nodes, so we do not fail
 > with recent 16.04 LTS AMIs

Slight correction to above: Since the Ubuntu LTS images ship with python3 and not python2 by default, unless the Ansible variable `ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3` is set when executing playbooks, node provisioning will fail out of the box.

So passing that arg is now *required* or Ansible will fail to provision the AWS Ubuntu servers it's configured to use out of the box. And if we pass that arg, we need to install the matching version of pip as well, or we get errors about not being able to find the right version of pip, hence the changes in this PR.

My intention was to document the need for the python variable requirement in the Ansible Cello readme, in a separate PR.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:42:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > > python 2 is needed to use ssh accessing the remote servers.
 > > Ansible
 > > > 3 is supported only by ansible tech preview, I would not
 > upgrade
 > > to
 > > > it unless it becomes officially supported.
 > >
 > > This does not change the version of python used by the Ansible
 > > controller, just the Fabric nodes themselves. The Ubuntu 16.04
 > AMIs
 > > only ship with python3, so the default scripts (which assume
 > > python2) fail as-is.
 > >
 > > I've tested this change with all the AWS playbooks on python3,
 > and
 > > it works fine. Ansible 2.4 and boto both perfectly happy on
 > > python3.
 > >
 > > If we still really do not want to use python3, I will change the
 > > scripts to install python2 on the Fabric nodes, so we do not fail
 > > with recent 16.04 LTS AMIs
 > 
 > Slight correction to above: Since the Ubuntu LTS images ship with
 > python3 and not python2 by default, unless the Ansible variable
 > `ansible_python_interpreter=/usr/bin/python3` is set when executing
 > playbooks, node provisioning will fail out of the box.
 > 
 > So passing that arg is now *required* or Ansible will fail to
 > provision the AWS Ubuntu servers it's configured to use out of the
 > box. And if we pass that arg, we need to install the matching
 > version of pip as well, or we get errors about not being able to
 > find the right version of pip, hence the changes in this PR.
 > 
 > My intention was to document the need for the python variable
 > requirement in the Ansible Cello readme, in a separate PR.

Nevermind, I was mistaken. Without that env var, and without the pip3 requirement, Ansible works fine with the python3-only AMIs, because it pulls down python2 implicitly on the install of pip2.

Updating the PR to just include the cleanup bits and adding doc updates.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:49:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:52:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/585/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:56:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/585/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/585</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:57:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 5:02:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/586/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 5:06:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/586/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/586</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 5:15:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Ben, some of the packages are for building the docker images of fabric. Can you test if with the reduced package list, we can still build docker images? Thanks for trying to make it better.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/15/2018, 5:20:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Ben, some of the packages are for building the docker images of
 > fabric. Can you test if with the reduced package list, we can still
 > build docker images? Thanks for trying to make it better.

Yep, verified the packages I removed (python-dev, automake, ca-certificates, curl, make, g++, unzip, build-essential, software-properties-common)are all installed automatically as dependencies of either autoconf or python-pip, so there's no need (that I know of) to explicitly include them.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2018, 2:30:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2018, 10:40:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/16/2018, 10:40:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Baohua Yang</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2018, 12:35:55 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 683615a03a8f6311fabf4e3d6eabe63ad64a8313<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/15/2018, 12:43:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/15/2018, 3:27:37 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:49:26 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 68abbe7784c87423f9bd7cd9188ae0ce43cd099a<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:56:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Ben Leggett - algosystem@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/15/2018, 4:57:58 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [389a8e34bf9fd4b96c82f487a546e4beae1bf467](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/389a8e34bf9fd4b96c82f487a546e4beae1bf467)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/15/2018, 5:06:57 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2018, 10:40:13 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Baohua Yang<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 2/16/2018, 10:40:17 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/16/2018, 2:30:37 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>