<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 28694<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-12430] configure for inversion of control<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Andrew Hurt - andrew.hurt1@ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:16:22 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 6/28/2019, 11:39:25 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-12430] configure for inversion of control

Change-Id: I3c027aacd1e96372f228dd3a4858d7e3d2f884d5
Signed-off-by: awjh-ibm <andrew.hurt1@ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Andrew Hurt - andrew.hurt1@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:16:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:21:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/8985/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:21:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:26:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:27:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/8985/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/8985</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:30:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/7939/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:30:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:30:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/4709/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:31:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 7:00:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 7:10:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2019, 7:11:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/7939/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/7939

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/4709/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/4709</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2019, 12:11:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Perhaps I'm a bit dense, but I don't really see how the changes below satisfy the FAB specified.  It also seems like it's likely to break things unless merged in conjunction with some other changes?  Are there implications for how users will need to deal with packaging their chaincodes dependent on Fabric version?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Andrew Hurt - andrew.hurt1@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2019, 4:36:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Yes you are right this needs to be merged in conjunction with the changes to the nodeenv. This change enables the node env to have the fabric-shim stored in /usr/local/src. This means that the shim can handle the npm start call used by the peer to start up the chaincode located in /usr/local/chaincode (the new location where the user's code will be placed due to this change). By doing this the user no longer has to import the fabric-shim as a dependency or configure the start command for their chaincode.

The other changes can be found here: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/28695/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/6/2019, 12:39:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> Yes you are right this needs to be merged in conjunction with the changes to the nodeenv. This change enables the node env to have the fabric-shim stored in /usr/local/src. This means that the shim can handle the npm start call used by the peer to start up the chaincode located in /usr/local/chaincode (the new location where the user's code will be placed due to this change). By doing this the user no longer has to import the fabric-shim as a dependency or configure the start command for their chaincode.
> 
> The other changes can be found here: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/28695/

What does this mean for users with existing node chaincodes? What will be the result if they try to install them on V2.0 without changes?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Andrew Hurt - andrew.hurt1@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/7/2019, 4:31:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > Patch Set 1:
 > >
 > > Yes you are right this needs to be merged in conjunction with the
 > changes to the nodeenv. This change enables the node env to have
 > the fabric-shim stored in /usr/local/src. This means that the shim
 > can handle the npm start call used by the peer to start up the
 > chaincode located in /usr/local/chaincode (the new location where
 > the user's code will be placed due to this change). By doing this
 > the user no longer has to import the fabric-shim as a dependency or
 > configure the start command for their chaincode.
 > >
 > > The other changes can be found here: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/28695/
 > 
 > What does this mean for users with existing node chaincodes? What
 > will be the result if they try to install them on V2.0 without
 > changes?

If they have written a chaincode that is in the old style (not using fabric-contract-api) the fabric-shim will have a fallback of just calling npm start on that chaincode rather than attempting to start it itself. If the user has written their chaincode using the new programming model (1.4.1) the fabric-shim will be able to start it itself. Both old and new will therefore be able to be started in the updated nodeenv</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/28/2019, 11:39:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

This CR has aged out according to the CR aging policy in CONTRIBUTING.rst</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Andrew Hurt - andrew.hurt1@ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Andrew Hurt - andrew.hurt1@ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:16:22 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [389fe13773b30f5dbf7bd717d9df55d9361339ae](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/389fe13773b30f5dbf7bd717d9df55d9361339ae)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:26:51 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2019, 6:26:51 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2019, 7:10:23 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2019, 7:00:50 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>