<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-sdk-java<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 26291<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FIX [FAB-11993] idemix role from boolean to int<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/13/2018, 1:35:16 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:40:03 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FIX [FAB-11993] idemix role from boolean to int

Replacing boolean type of idemix role with integer
to support more role types.
Provides "idemix roles" to map multiple MSP Roles
to only one bitsmak integer value.

Change-Id: I942dab4168f8da83551c646e0d4245f31e73120a
Signed-off-by: Rafa Torres <rtm@zurich.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Keith Smith <bksmith@us.ibm.com>
Signed-off-by: Maria Dubovitskaya <mdu@zurich.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2018, 1:35:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2018, 1:37:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2399/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2018, 1:40:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1229/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2018, 1:58:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2399/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2399/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2399

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1229/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1229</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2018, 3:44:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2018, 3:46:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 8:55:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 9:43:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 9:47:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2400/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 9:48:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Added more functionality to IdemixRoles; cleanup and some docs</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 9:48:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1230/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 10:05:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2400/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2400/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2400

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1230/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1230</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 11:42:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 2:42:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(7 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:28:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2

(2 comments)

Please also relook at classes AND methods and not expose them as public if they don't need to be.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:34:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 4:13:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

For me IdemixRoles should have been an enum what the values should never have been exposed except during (de)serilization

its mappingto the protobuf which is good that we don't expose that could have been a one to one :

// two dedicated roles within an MSP: Admin and Members.
message MSPRole {

    // MSPIdentifier represents the identifier of the MSP this principal
    // refers to
    string msp_identifier = 1;

    enum MSPRoleType {
        MEMBER = 0; // Represents an MSP Member
        ADMIN  = 1; // Represents an MSP Admin
        CLIENT = 2; // Represents an MSP Client
        PEER = 3; // Represents an MSP Peer
    }

    // MSPRoleType defines which of the available, pre-defined MSP-roles
    // an identiy should posess inside the MSP with identifier MSPidentifier
    MSPRoleType role = 2;

}  

-------------------
public enum IdemixRoles {
    MEMBER(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.MEMBER_VALUE),
    ADMIN(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.ADMIN_VALUE),
    CLIENT(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.CLIENT_VALUE),
    PEER(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.CLIENT_VALUE);
    // Next roles values: 8, 16, 32 ..

It's not bitmask on the wire.  I think the above would have simplified a lot.  I'm not mandating this .. part. 
Put please look at using the enum everywhere and not exposing the int</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 4:57:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> For me IdemixRoles should have been an enum what the values should
 > never have been exposed except during (de)serilization
 > 
 > its mappingto the protobuf which is good that we don't expose that
 > could have been a one to one :
 > 
 > // two dedicated roles within an MSP: Admin and Members.
 > message MSPRole {
 > 
 > // MSPIdentifier represents the identifier of the MSP this
 > principal
 > // refers to
 > string msp_identifier = 1;
 > 
 > enum MSPRoleType {
 > MEMBER = 0; // Represents an MSP Member
 > ADMIN  = 1; // Represents an MSP Admin
 > CLIENT = 2; // Represents an MSP Client
 > PEER = 3; // Represents an MSP Peer
 > }
 > 
 > // MSPRoleType defines which of the available, pre-defined
 > MSP-roles
 > // an identiy should posess inside the MSP with identifier
 > MSPidentifier
 > MSPRoleType role = 2;
 > 
 > }
 > 
 > -------------------
 > public enum IdemixRoles {
 > MEMBER(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.MEMBER_VALUE),
 > ADMIN(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.ADMIN_VALUE),
 > CLIENT(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.CLIENT_VALUE),
 > PEER(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.CLIENT_VALUE);
 > // Next roles values: 8, 16, 32 ..
 > 
 > It's not bitmask on the wire.  I think the above would have
 > simplified a lot.  I'm not mandating this .. part.
 > Put please look at using the enum everywhere and not exposing the
 > int

Hi Rick,

I see what you suggest and makes sense. I can review the code in that way. In any case, I have a question about that approach.

Let's say that I replace the IdemixRole values for the MSP ones, in the case that we want to support more that one role at once, the MSP values are not valid anymore i.e:

Admin(1)|Member(0) = mask 0001 = 1
Admin(1)|Client(2) = mask 0011 = 3
Mask contains Peer = True - Should be false because we only want to be Admin and Member
Mask contains Admin = True
Mask contains Client = True

Even worse. I set the rolemask to 0011 (3) Peer. I will be able to run Admin operations because the rolecheck admin will be true.

Overlaping problems when checking roles are not admisible.

So my question is, can I replace this values

    enum MSPRoleType {
        MEMBER = 0; // Represents an MSP Member
        ADMIN  = 1; // Represents an MSP Admin
        CLIENT = 2; // Represents an MSP Client
        PEER = 3; // Represents an MSP Peer
    }

For

    enum MSPRoleType {
        MEMBER = 1; // Represents an MSP Member
        ADMIN  = 2; // Represents an MSP Admin
        CLIENT = 4; // Represents an MSP Client
        PEER = 8; // Represents an MSP Peer
    }

or this implies more things at the end?

If the answer is yes, I can simplify this code and regenerate the protos etc.
If the answer is no, the new IdemixRoles must remain in order to support a proper role combination in the future.

I want to do this in the best possible way, changing Boolean role for int is not a trivial thing and we have 3 projects to modify in the correct order to pass all the integration tests etc.

Apart from this, I will address your comments about the visibility :) so many thanks for your review.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 5:49:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 6:21:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 6:32:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> (1 comment)

Ok, so the right approach is to give this mask support now and avoid future deep changes on this things.

Re-asking about the MSP role values.

Can I just change the values in the MSP.proto file ?

    enum MSPRoleType {
        MEMBER = 0; // Represents an MSP Member
        ADMIN  = 1; // Represents an MSP Admin
        CLIENT = 2; // Represents an MSP Client
        PEER = 3; // Represents an MSP Peer
    }

For

    enum MSPRoleType {
        MEMBER = 1; // Represents an MSP Member
        ADMIN  = 2; // Represents an MSP Admin
        CLIENT = 4; // Represents an MSP Client
        PEER = 8; // Represents an MSP Peer
    }

If I can, then I can do simply this, and remove the wrapper methods from idemixRoles

public enum IdemixRoles {
    MEMBER(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.MEMBER_VALUE),
    ADMIN(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.ADMIN_VALUE),
    CLIENT(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.CLIENT_VALUE),
    PEER(MspPrincipal.MSPRole.MSPRoleType.CLIENT_VALUE);
...
...
}</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 6:35:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Hi Rafa, As stated I'm mandating that so I'll let you make the call. 
Currently I'm not seeing how the roles can be combined given the current proto.   I think a better way for combined roles would be an EnumSet https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/util/EnumSet.html 
Once again I'm not pressing you to do that change (food for thought :) 

I really don't like the fact the roles are represented 3 ways : int, IdeMixRoles, and the Prot version.  I really like the int to be immediately wrappered with IdemixRoles .. I hope that would be doable.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 6:43:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Should have typed not mandating :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 6:52:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

I understand your point, obviously having all this overload for defining the roles is not the best solution.

I've thought about the EnumSet and I've already discard that one (for now) because that implies a deeper modification. The good point about this solution is that you obtain a native bitwise implementation (insed the enumset) the bad point is that you have to make the code a litter bit complex.

The solution that we are proposing is a middle term. We don't need to make a huge deep change in the 3 projects and we can achieve the role combination. 

That Enum IdemixRoles is the way to add that bitwise in a very straight way. I decided to use new values because I was not sure if the MSPRole values have more implications in other parts.  In any case, I think that I'm going to try (not now ;) ) to do that and see what happen with the tests.

I really appreciate the suggestions, It's a good way to achieve a better solution for this kind of problems, so thank you for that :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2018, 11:47:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Not sure why using enumset would be so disruptive.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 10:00:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 12:14:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 12:17:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2404/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 12:18:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1234/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 12:36:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2404/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2404/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2404

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1234/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1234</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 1:32:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Hi All, thanks for the feedback!
We addressed the comments. The integration tests will fail in CI until the corresponding CRs in fabric and fabric-ca are merged.
Locally the tests run for me:
Tests run: 50, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 3, Time elapsed: 914.036 sec - in org.hyperledger.fabric.sdkintegration.IntegrationSuite

Results :

Tests run: 50, Failures: 0, Errors: 0, Skipped: 3

@Rick, is there anything else that we should address?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 2:18:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(3 comments)

The build needs to pass to merge.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 2:18:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Locally tested and passed.

Be aware that for running this End2endJavaIT we need to manually pull the docker image for that. For some reason that image is not in this scenario and make us repeat the tests from scratch thousand times.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 2:25:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

A thousand times - that's a lot ;-)
I agree, that's  a pain.

Let's aim to converge in the next batch or two.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 2:34:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Here the Enum can only be "Default" (which is implicit private) or Public. In any case, we are using this in HFCAClientTest.java which is outside the package.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 3:15:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

I see no reason that any of the methods in IdemixRoles need to be protected. 
The filed value will be private. 
Fix the test with : 
Enrollment enrollment = new IdemixEnrollment(null, null, "mspid", null, null, null, "ou", (Integer) TestUtils.getField(IdemixRoles.MEMBER, "value"));</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 3:49:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 3:52:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2405/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 3:52:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1235/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 4:11:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2405/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2405/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2405

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1235/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1235</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 5:29:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 5:32:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 5:32:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2407/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 5:33:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1237/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 5:39:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Hi Rick, are there any outstanding comments which need to be addressed here?  As far as I can tell, they have been done.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 5:46:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2407/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2407/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2407

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1237/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1237/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1237</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:16:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:17:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2408/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:19:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1238/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:26:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2408/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2408/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2408

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1238/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1238/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1238</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:31:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(1 comment)

@keith Looks like one more item and I expect Verified +1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:37:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(1 comment)

See why not compiing</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:20:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:23:41 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2409/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:24:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1239/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:43:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2409/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2409/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2409

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1239/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1239</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:49:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:51:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2410/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:52:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1240/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 3:53:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 4:14:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2410/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2410

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1240/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1240</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:19:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:24:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

For crying out loud ;-)))

Good morning Rick. Come on, at least it compiled this time round.

Maria/Rafa - can you quickly address and we'll get this in?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:25:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Rick - I missed the ";-)" above. ;-)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:28:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 7.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:30:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

(1 comment)

no comments...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:32:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2411/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:33:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1241/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:53:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2411/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-x86_64/2411

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1241/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-verify-1.0.0-x86_64/1241</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:16:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed Code-Review-2 by Rick Rine <cr22rc@gmail.com>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:16:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:16:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Rick Rine</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:40:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-merge-x86_64/305/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-merge-x86_64/305

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-merge-1.0.0-x86_64/123/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-merge-1.0.0-x86_64/123</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1536860116<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [408a49202991795944a82b38d08b37a839a2e719](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/408a49202991795944a82b38d08b37a839a2e719)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/13/2018, 1:58:47 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 8:55:03 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1536932635<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [90e01b4c3968a4df0f7e7c4633f93df8c9ca1da6](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/90e01b4c3968a4df0f7e7c4633f93df8c9ca1da6)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 10:05:28 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:28:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1537200898<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [fee1a6f73222893688ddf7eae78cfc0f0f2f5b6c](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/fee1a6f73222893688ddf7eae78cfc0f0f2f5b6c)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/17/2018, 12:36:25 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:28:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1537213743<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [29bad09f03feb22bd3b73791e2a1f7ab16ab6f75](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/29bad09f03feb22bd3b73791e2a1f7ab16ab6f75)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/17/2018, 4:11:20 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:28:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1537219780<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [6a98ea146365d40f8f6001409d114682a4e56c59](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/6a98ea146365d40f8f6001409d114682a4e56c59)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/17/2018, 7:26:40 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:28:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1537255253<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [6894d1713efca442367cafffd667b8399b84a40d](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/6894d1713efca442367cafffd667b8399b84a40d)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/18/2018, 4:14:33 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2018, 3:28:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 7</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Rafa Torres - rtorres@um.es<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Maria Dubovitskaya - maria.dubovitskaya@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1537270111<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [6c6666b207b4c2d78febc05a77beb1c3d5d6be46](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-sdk-java/commit/6c6666b207b4c2d78febc05a77beb1c3d5d6be46)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/18/2018, 7:53:44 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Rick Rine - cr22rc@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:16:30 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Rick Rine<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 9/18/2018, 8:16:34 AM<br><br></blockquote>