<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 15057<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-6855] Add CouchDB index warming<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:18:52 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/15/2018, 11:47:35 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-6855] Add CouchDB index warming

CouchDB does not automatically update indexes when records are
inserted or updated.  The update is performed for the index
during the query operation.   This can cause delays during
the query.   Subsequent queries then take advantage of the updated
index.

This improvement will add an "index warming" step to refresh indexes
following an insert or update.

The addition is to the EnsureFullCommit step.  This will execute an
index warming action for each batch.  The index refresh will need to
be called for each index defined.

Change-Id: I4de7f8049be8d5ff092c84a42d250ab7c361c492
Signed-off-by: Chris Elder <chris.elder@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:18:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:18:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/14376/ (1/6)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:25:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/10303/ (2/6)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:25:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-two-staged-ci-check-x86_64/1267/ (3/6)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:26:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/18657/ (4/6)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:26:09 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-verify-x86_64/119/ (6/6)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 9:26:09 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/12674/ (5/6)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/1/2017, 10:51:21 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/10303/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/10303

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-two-staged-ci-check-x86_64/1267/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-two-staged-ci-check-x86_64/1267

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/18657/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/18657

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-z/14376/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-z/14376

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/12674/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/12674

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-verify-x86_64/119/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-verify-x86_64/119</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 10:01:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Patch Set 1 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 10:01:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/19612/ (2/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 10:01:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-s390x/764/ (1/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 10:05:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11308/ (3/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 10:05:41 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/111/ (4/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 10:05:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13688/ (5/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 11:25:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13688/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13688/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13688

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-s390x/764/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-s390x/764

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/19612/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/19612

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11308/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11308

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/111/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/111</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 1:34:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

rebuild-behave</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 1:37:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13689/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/18/2017, 1:51:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13689/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/13689</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2018, 4:43:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

Minor question and request to update the docs.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2018, 6:51:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(6 comments)

This works out very nicely... refreshing the indexes once per block is a good compromise... the overhead of index refresh is amortized across all  updates in the block, and allowing the queries to always be fast. Good solution for both runtime and for scenarios such as join channel where many documents get added quickly.

System test will need to be done to measure the runtime performance impact of refreshing indexes. Including evaluation of catch up scenarios where many blocks are committed quickly (we don't want the async index refresh jobs to stack up in these scenarios).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2018, 12:46:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> (6 comments)
 > 
 > This works out very nicely... refreshing the indexes once per block
 > is a good compromise... the overhead of index refresh is amortized
 > across all  updates in the block, and allowing the queries to
 > always be fast. Good solution for both runtime and for scenarios
 > such as join channel where many documents get added quickly.
 > 
 > System test will need to be done to measure the runtime performance
 > impact of refreshing indexes. Including evaluation of catch up
 > scenarios where many blocks are committed quickly (we don't want
 > the async index refresh jobs to stack up in these scenarios).

I am sure about 'good compromise' aspect of this unless we see some performance numbers. However, I think that should be required to align with block commit from serializability prespective. Otherwise, 
if a user executes a query via chaincode after receiving a block commit notification, he may still not see his updates and cause confusion. However, in the catch up scenario, I feel that it should be more optimized by performing index update at the end (i.e., before opening the ledger) specially if state is mainly getting overwritten.. there is no use of index update for intermediate states.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2018, 12:58:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> > (6 comments)
 > >
 > > This works out very nicely... refreshing the indexes once per
 > block
 > > is a good compromise... the overhead of index refresh is
 > amortized
 > > across all  updates in the block, and allowing the queries to
 > > always be fast. Good solution for both runtime and for scenarios
 > > such as join channel where many documents get added quickly.
 > >
 > > System test will need to be done to measure the runtime
 > performance
 > > impact of refreshing indexes. Including evaluation of catch up
 > > scenarios where many blocks are committed quickly (we don't want
 > > the async index refresh jobs to stack up in these scenarios).
 > 
 > I am sure about 'good compromise' aspect of this unless we see some
 > performance numbers. However, I think that should be required to
 > align with block commit from serializability prespective.
 > Otherwise,
 > if a user executes a query via chaincode after receiving a block
 > commit notification, he may still not see his updates and cause
 > confusion. However, in the catch up scenario, I feel that it should
 > be more optimized by performing index update at the end (i.e.,
 > before opening the ledger) specially if state is mainly getting
 > overwritten.. there is no use of index update for intermediate
 > states.

Queries are always guaranteed to get the latest data, so there is no risk of queries missing data updates.  The index warming simply does the index maintenance after block commit, rather than on-demand at time of user query.

We will assess performance impact during system test, and then tweak as needed prior to GA.  For example we could decide to refresh indexes every N blocks instead of every 1 block.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2018, 1:10:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> > > (6 comments)
 > > >
 > > > This works out very nicely... refreshing the indexes once per
 > > block
 > > > is a good compromise... the overhead of index refresh is
 > > amortized
 > > > across all  updates in the block, and allowing the queries to
 > > > always be fast. Good solution for both runtime and for
 > scenarios
 > > > such as join channel where many documents get added quickly.
 > > >
 > > > System test will need to be done to measure the runtime
 > > performance
 > > > impact of refreshing indexes. Including evaluation of catch up
 > > > scenarios where many blocks are committed quickly (we don't
 > want
 > > > the async index refresh jobs to stack up in these scenarios).
 > >
 > > I am sure about 'good compromise' aspect of this unless we see
 > some
 > > performance numbers. However, I think that should be required to
 > > align with block commit from serializability prespective.
 > > Otherwise,
 > > if a user executes a query via chaincode after receiving a block
 > > commit notification, he may still not see his updates and cause
 > > confusion. However, in the catch up scenario, I feel that it
 > should
 > > be more optimized by performing index update at the end (i.e.,
 > > before opening the ledger) specially if state is mainly getting
 > > overwritten.. there is no use of index update for intermediate
 > > states.
 > 
 > Queries are always guaranteed to get the latest data, so there is
 > no risk of queries missing data updates.  The index warming simply
 > does the index maintenance after block commit, rather than
 > on-demand at time of user query.
 > 
 > We will assess performance impact during system test, and then
 > tweak as needed prior to GA.  For example we could decide to
 > refresh indexes every N blocks instead of every 1 block.

In that case, I don't see why it has to be in the commit path at all. It could very well be a background thread which can do this job after certain number of docs update instead of any relation to the number of blocks. In fact, cannot this be done in the couch docker with update notification function?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2018, 1:54:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> > > > (6 comments)
 > > > >
 > > > > This works out very nicely... refreshing the indexes once per
 > > > block
 > > > > is a good compromise... the overhead of index refresh is
 > > > amortized
 > > > > across all  updates in the block, and allowing the queries to
 > > > > always be fast. Good solution for both runtime and for
 > > scenarios
 > > > > such as join channel where many documents get added quickly.
 > > > >
 > > > > System test will need to be done to measure the runtime
 > > > performance
 > > > > impact of refreshing indexes. Including evaluation of catch
 > up
 > > > > scenarios where many blocks are committed quickly (we don't
 > > want
 > > > > the async index refresh jobs to stack up in these scenarios).
 > > >
 > > > I am sure about 'good compromise' aspect of this unless we see
 > > some
 > > > performance numbers. However, I think that should be required
 > to
 > > > align with block commit from serializability prespective.
 > > > Otherwise,
 > > > if a user executes a query via chaincode after receiving a
 > block
 > > > commit notification, he may still not see his updates and cause
 > > > confusion. However, in the catch up scenario, I feel that it
 > > should
 > > > be more optimized by performing index update at the end (i.e.,
 > > > before opening the ledger) specially if state is mainly getting
 > > > overwritten.. there is no use of index update for intermediate
 > > > states.
 > >
 > > Queries are always guaranteed to get the latest data, so there is
 > > no risk of queries missing data updates.  The index warming
 > simply
 > > does the index maintenance after block commit, rather than
 > > on-demand at time of user query.
 > >
 > > We will assess performance impact during system test, and then
 > > tweak as needed prior to GA.  For example we could decide to
 > > refresh indexes every N blocks instead of every 1 block.
 > 
 > In that case, I don't see why it has to be in the commit path at
 > all. It could very well be a background thread which can do this
 > job after certain number of docs update instead of any relation to
 > the number of blocks. In fact, cannot this be done in the couch
 > docker with update notification function?

Thinking more about this, what happens in the scenario when the block contains a chaincode upgrade transaction that may have new index definition, I guess that the block commit will halt till the index is built for all the data?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2018, 1:56:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Agreed, the index warming could be done in a background thread. It was put in commit path simply for convenience.  I think that is an implementation detail that doesn't impact client function, so I think it could be moved in a subsequent CR as a perf improvement, no need to hold out this CR for it in my opinion.

I'm not sure what couchdb docker "update notification function" is?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 4:27:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(7 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 4:29:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 4:30:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11983/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 4:31:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20262/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 4:56:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20262/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20262/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/20262

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11983/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11983

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/715/ : fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64 finish successful - $TRIGGER_COMMENT

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/715</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:19:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:21:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11984/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:21:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20263/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:46:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20263/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20263/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/20263

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11984/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11984

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/716/ : fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64 finish successful - $TRIGGER_COMMENT

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/716</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:51:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:52:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11985/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:53:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20264/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 8:42:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11985/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11985

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20264/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/20264

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/717/ : fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64 finish successful - $TRIGGER_COMMENT

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/717</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 9:07:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(3 comments)

Looking good now.  Just some minor comments...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 11:21:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 11:21:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 11:22:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11992/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 11:23:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20271/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 12:09:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11992/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/11992

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/20271/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/20271

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/724/ : fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64 finish successful - $TRIGGER_COMMENT

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/724</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 12:46:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 3:31:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review-1

(2 comments)

Maybe I miss something here, but please see my comment.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/14/2018, 4:02:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/15/2018, 9:48:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

> Agreed, the index warming could be done in a background thread. It
 > was put in commit path simply for convenience.  I think that is an
 > implementation detail that doesn't impact client function, so I
 > think it could be moved in a subsequent CR as a perf improvement,
 > no need to hold out this CR for it in my opinion.
 > 
 > I'm not sure what couchdb docker "update notification function" is?

Dave, I would like to see at least performing this step in a separate goroutine. Because, it has nothing to do with commit operation and by philosophy, we should keep minimum in the commit path. For instance, if someone tries to install a chaincode after accumulating large amount of data across channels it would have unexpected behavior on the block commits. Unfortunately, we won;t be able to catch in our tests as we do not have data heavy tests yet. Second, this should be a simple change to make in this CR. Just launch a different goroutine instead of calling in the commit path.
On the update notification - I believe that couch allows you to register custom handlers on the server side that gets invoked when you update docs - is this not the case?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/15/2018, 10:12:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

I discussed with Binh, we decided to remove autoWarmIndexes from the yaml and rst files in order to improve consumability, but peer binary will continue to support in case it needs to be disabled in unexpected service situations. I've opened FAB-7732 for this.

I've also opened FAB-7733 to move index warming out of commit path.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/15/2018, 10:52:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2

Thanks Dave. I'll merge this for now.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/15/2018, 10:52:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Binh Nguyen</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/15/2018, 11:47:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/1736/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/1736

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/3061/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-x86_64/3061</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1509542332<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [efbd6739fdd2d7ae19e4a5966da9099a8fd5a16d](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/efbd6739fdd2d7ae19e4a5966da9099a8fd5a16d)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/1/2017, 10:51:21 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1513609278<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [346b83be2a732cf8612a8a11d8708b70a2c51874](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/346b83be2a732cf8612a8a11d8708b70a2c51874)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/11/2018, 4:43:37 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/18/2017, 1:51:32 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1515878955<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [d44721b71c5983c1fc63d45874da9445fbf50292](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/d44721b71c5983c1fc63d45874da9445fbf50292)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2018, 4:56:46 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1515889193<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [5ec66b2caba6a8ad7e44ce181c7286c48c90cf09](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/5ec66b2caba6a8ad7e44ce181c7286c48c90cf09)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:46:52 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1515891118<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [50e22635771bdf10902a062ee87b49625cf8bc53](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/50e22635771bdf10902a062ee87b49625cf8bc53)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2018, 8:42:45 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Chris Elder - chris.elder@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1515946898<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [1cb48fab17d5db3a708dd757510c0cf192d1273c](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/1cb48fab17d5db3a708dd757510c0cf192d1273c)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2018, 12:09:34 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/15/2018, 10:52:08 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Binh Nguyen<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 1/15/2018, 10:52:52 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/14/2018, 12:46:03 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>