<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-sdk-java<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 33348<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-16500 Removed fabric and protos exclusions<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/3/2019, 9:36:52 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 11/11/2019, 5:00:46 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-16500 Removed fabric and protos exclusions

Signed-off-by: Paritosh Ranjan <paranjan@in.ibm.com>
Change-Id: I941f3e0a8b98b0a149762c3e6785dff3bb8374ce
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/3/2019, 9:36:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/3/2019, 9:39:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/123/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/3/2019, 9:40:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/131/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/3/2019, 10:07:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/123/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/123

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/131/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/131</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2019, 12:02:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Patch Set 1 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2019, 12:05:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/152/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2019, 12:06:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/145/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2019, 2:06:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/152/ : FAILURE

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/152

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/145/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/145</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/23/2019, 5:38:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/23/2019, 5:41:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/163/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/23/2019, 5:41:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/156/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/23/2019, 6:29:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/163/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-1.4-x86_64/163

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/156/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-java-master-verify-x86_64/156</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mark S. Lewis - Mark.S.Lewis@outlook.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/18/2019, 8:46:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

I cherry-picked this change on top of master and I see a failure running 'mvn clean javadoc:javadoc'

[ERROR] src/main/java/org/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/security/CryptoPrimitives.java:779: error: exception not thrown: org.bouncycastle.operator.OperatorCreationException
[ERROR]      * @throws OperatorCreationException
[ERROR]                ^</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/18/2019, 10:30:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1
> 
> I cherry-picked this change on top of master and I see a failure running 'mvn clean javadoc:javadoc'
> 
> [ERROR] src/main/java/org/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/security/CryptoPrimitives.java:779: error: exception not thrown: org.bouncycastle.operator.OperatorCreationException
> [ERROR]      * @throws OperatorCreationException
> [ERROR]                ^

I think the build or the build environment is not stable. Java builds generally need one to three "reverify" commands to succeed. You can see that I had to reverify the build to get it passed. In some cases, I had to reverify thrice to pass the build.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mark S. Lewis - Mark.S.Lewis@outlook.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/22/2019, 9:00:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> > Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1
> > 
> > I cherry-picked this change on top of master and I see a failure running 'mvn clean javadoc:javadoc'
> > 
> > [ERROR] src/main/java/org/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/security/CryptoPrimitives.java:779: error: exception not thrown: org.bouncycastle.operator.OperatorCreationException
> > [ERROR]      * @throws OperatorCreationException
> > [ERROR]                ^
> 
> I think the build or the build environment is not stable. Java builds generally need one to three "reverify" commands to succeed. You can see that I had to reverify the build to get it passed. In some cases, I had to reverify thrice to pass the build.

This isn't a build environment issue. I am running the command `mvn clean javadoc:javadoc` in my local development environment. Against the head of the master branch, this passes. When I cherry-pick your change on top of the head of master branch, it fails. With your change it is building Javadoc against classes that were previously excluded (e.g. the org.hyperledger.fabric.sdk.security package), and those files contain some invalid Javadoc that causes the failure.

Regardless of the Javadoc failure, it demonstrates that your change results in different files being included in the Javadoc, which is not desirable.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/22/2019, 9:10:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2
> 
> > Patch Set 2:
> > 
> > > Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1
> > > 
> > > I cherry-picked this change on top of master and I see a failure running 'mvn clean javadoc:javadoc'
> > > 
> > > [ERROR] src/main/java/org/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/security/CryptoPrimitives.java:779: error: exception not thrown: org.bouncycastle.operator.OperatorCreationException
> > > [ERROR]      * @throws OperatorCreationException
> > > [ERROR]                ^
> > 
> > I think the build or the build environment is not stable. Java builds generally need one to three "reverify" commands to succeed. You can see that I had to reverify the build to get it passed. In some cases, I had to reverify thrice to pass the build.
> 
> This isn't a build environment issue. I am running the command `mvn clean javadoc:javadoc` in my local development environment. Against the head of the master branch, this passes. When I cherry-pick your change on top of the head of master branch, it fails. With your change it is building Javadoc against classes that were previously excluded (e.g. the org.hyperledger.fabric.sdk.security package), and those files contain some invalid Javadoc that causes the failure.
> 
> Regardless of the Javadoc failure, it demonstrates that your change results in different files being included in the Javadoc, which is not desirable.

The change passed on the CI build after reverify. Please see build history for this change.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Andrew Coleman - andrew_coleman@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/11/2019, 5:00:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

gerrit is no longer used for this repo - moved to github</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/3/2019, 9:36:52 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 9bbfd5b7b3d54f847c30713143674d9f4f4367ff<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/3/2019, 10:07:50 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/19/2019, 12:02:27 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 7621bd115922ff21124d3cc841479c7af1f1324c<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/23/2019, 6:29:37 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Mark S. Lewis - Mark.S.Lewis@outlook.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/22/2019, 9:00:52 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>