<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-test<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 17713<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-8144]Fix name of genesis block in bootstrap test<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/8/2018, 4:52:19 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 3/5/2018, 4:52:25 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-8144]Fix name of genesis block in bootstrap test

The name of genesis block is wrong in behave test FAB-4773.
FAB-4773 is a test case fetching a channel genesis block.
The name of genesis block fetched from orderer is
"mychannel.block". However, the behave script checks a block
named "mychannel.tx" in fabric-test/feature/bootstrap.feature.

This CR updates the name of genesis block correctly.

In behave test FAB-4773, orderer container fails to start.
The name of system channel is rejected because it contains
invalid characters. config_util.CHANNEL_PROFILE(=SysTestChannel)
is invalid because it contains upper case. To fetch genesis block,
orderer should be launched correctly.

This CR replaces the name of system channel with
context.interface.SYS_CHANNEL_ID(=behavesyschan).

Change-Id: I10bc85d1e202e7792f931a766553fb51cc35da4a
Signed-off-by: Yuki Kondo <yuki.kondo@hal.hitachi.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2018, 4:52:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2018, 4:55:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/796/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2018, 6:02:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/796/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/796</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/9/2018, 12:23:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

This code was recently changed to fix anohter issue. It seems strange you are trying to change it back to the original channel.block from channel.tx. Please be sure you have rebased and resolved any merge conflicts.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/9/2018, 12:25:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Refer to the changes here: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16965/4/feature/bootstrap.feature</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/9/2018, 2:31:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)

Thank you for review. I checked commit logs. This CR has already been rebased to the latest one.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Scott Zwierzynski - scottz@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/19/2018, 1:00:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

It seems to me it is correct as it is. However, maybe I missed an error. My understanding is that the file name default was set to use the .block extension, but the implementation step uses .tx, so the feature file should use the .tx, because that is the one that is actually created.

If you are saying that you found a problem in the util file or that the name of the file is not accurate, please explain.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/20/2018, 5:59:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Thank you for your review.
In this test scenario, two artifacts - configtx and genesis block - are generated and checked.
To see the actual file name created in cli docker container, I inserted sleep command in the behave script and run the test in my local machine.

In my test, 2 artifacts are generated like the below.

L120. When the network is bootstrapped for a channel named "mychannel", mychannel.tx is generated.
This artifact is checked by L.123 Then the "mychannel.tx" file is generated.

L122. And a user fetches genesis information for a channel "mychannel" from peer "peer1.org1.example.com", mychannel.block is generated.
This artifact is not checked because current test script tries to check "mychannel.tx" in L.124. This is not genesis block but channel tx.

As you pointed out, .tx extension is used for channeltx.
However, .block extension is used for genesis block.
Could you check it again?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/20/2018, 6:02:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

In addition, I found that orderer container failed to start. 
The ChannelID of system channel is config_util.CHANNEL_PROFILE(=SysTestChannel).
This is rejected when launcing orderer because "validateChannelID" only accepts lower case ASCII alphanumerics, dots '.', and dashes '-' as channelID.
--- Orderer log ---
2018-02-20 18:42:50.857 UTC [orderer/commmon/multichannel] newLedgerResources -> CRIT 061 Error creating channelconfig bundle: initializing configtx manager failed: bad channel ID: channel ID 'SysTestChannel' contains illegal char
acters
panic: Error creating channelconfig bundle: initializing configtx manager failed: bad channel ID: channel ID 'SysTestChannel' contains illegal characters
---

To launch orderer correctly, I replaced ChannelID of system channel with context.interface.SYS_CHANNEL_ID(=behavesyschan).
Changing the name of system channel may have effects on other test cases. We need another investigation.
Can I make a new JIRA item about invalid system channel name?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 12:20:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

I executed the test using the "@doNotDecompose" tag to verify what output is being generated. These are the files/directories in the config directory for this test: "behavesyschan.tx  configtx.yaml  crypto.yaml  mychannel.tx  orderer.block  ordererOrganizations  peerOrganizations"

The file should definitely be mychannel.tx.

That said, I also changed the file extension in the test to block as you have it here and the step passed! There is definitely an issue here that needs to be looked at further. It should have failed as there was no file named "mychannel.block" fetched.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 2:14:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 2:16:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Thank you for the review.
As I mentioned above, Orderer fails to start in this test case. I submitted a new patch to launch Orderer correctly.
After fixing this problem, I executed the test using the "@doNotDecompose" tag. These are the files/directories in the config directory for this test: “behavesyschan.tx  configtx.yaml  crypto.yaml  mychannel.block  mychannel.tx  orderer.block  ordererOrganizations  peerOrganizations”.
“mychannel.block” is fetched from Orderer.

It seems like the implementation step doesn’t verify file extension of genesis block. This is why both of “mychannel.block” and “mychannel.tx” pass the test.
Could you take a look again?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 2:16:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/939/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 3:11:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/939/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/939</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 10:36:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(2 comments)

Just 1 change and I will be ready to merge. This was a good find.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 1:19:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 1:21:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)

Thank you for the review.
I submitted a patch to reflect your comment. Could you take a look it again?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 1:23:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/942/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 2:18:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/942/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-test-verify-x86_64/942</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 3:50:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 3:50:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Latitia Haskins</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 4:52:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-test-merge-x86_64/205/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-test-merge-x86_64/205</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yuki Kondo - yuki.kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/8/2018, 4:52:19 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [086ac23feef852842f7e75019c89631ed87c56ea](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/086ac23feef852842f7e75019c89631ed87c56ea)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/8/2018, 6:02:05 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/2/2018, 12:20:32 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/bootstrap.feature#L124](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/086ac23feef852842f7e75019c89631ed87c56ea/feature/bootstrap.feature#L124)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I checked the change in CR 16965. It seems like the name of genesis block becomes <ChannelID>.block
Could you check if my understanding is correct?

After this line is called, the genesis block is fetched along with the following steps.

https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16965/4/feature/steps/endorser_impl.py@476
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16965/4/feature/steps/endorser_impl.py@468
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16965/4/feature/steps/endorser_util.py@432</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yuki Kondo - yuki.kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/2/2018, 2:14:13 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [479ec96b0c93887be481a18b9dc32cb78af6b067](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/479ec96b0c93887be481a18b9dc32cb78af6b067)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/2/2018, 3:11:42 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/bootstrap.feature#L123](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/479ec96b0c93887be481a18b9dc32cb78af6b067/feature/bootstrap.feature#L123)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This should also be "block" since this is the file generated from the fetch call.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/bootstrap.feature#L123](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/479ec96b0c93887be481a18b9dc32cb78af6b067/feature/bootstrap.feature#L123)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [feature/steps/bootstrap_impl.py#L28](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/blob/479ec96b0c93887be481a18b9dc32cb78af6b067/feature/steps/bootstrap_impl.py#L28)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Good find!</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yuki Kondo - yuki.kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yuki Kondo - Yuki.Kondo@hal.hitachi.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/5/2018, 1:19:02 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [0511cad451e3b1ecc3cba4358657dc04579234e6](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-test/commit/0511cad451e3b1ecc3cba4358657dc04579234e6)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/5/2018, 2:18:22 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Latitia Haskins - latitia.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/5/2018, 3:50:17 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Latitia Haskins<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 3/5/2018, 3:50:20 PM<br><br></blockquote>