<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 33366<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Optimize<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:48:24 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/20/2019, 3:33:46 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Optimize

Change-Id: I04bae6ce2f0de6455f4d3d6dad60d1b701ece500
Signed-off-by: Jay Guo <guojiannan1101@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:48:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:50:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Run VerifyBuild</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:50:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

No Builds Executed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:53:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16970/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:54:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:56:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:57:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16970/ : ABORTED

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16970</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:01:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16971/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:02:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:11:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:12:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16971/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16971</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:14:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/11606/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:15:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14962/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:15:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:15:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:39:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/4/2019, 7:27:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2019, 9:20:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2

Before we merge this change, we need to be certain that it actually improves performance. The original code should parallelise calls to extractDependenciesForTx, whereas here we do that sequentially. An alternative approach would be to leave the atomic read and the CAS, and use the latter to decide who creates the new array of sync.Once - and leave the rest as is. At any rate, I'd like to pls see credible proof that we improve things before changing this code.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2019, 11:05:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2
> 
> Before we merge this change, we need to be certain that it actually improves performance. The original code should parallelise calls to extractDependenciesForTx, whereas here we do that sequentially. An alternative approach would be to leave the atomic read and the CAS, and use the latter to decide who creates the new array of sync.Once - and leave the rest as is. At any rate, I'd like to pls see credible proof that we improve things before changing this code.

Thanks for taking a look at this. I have flamegraphs and e2e benchmarks to prove the improvements. I probably could write some micro-benchmarks to make it more solid.

We could certainly keep the sync.Once, so `extractDependenciesForTx` can be potentially more parallelized.

As long as the mutex is eliminated, there's a win.

Although, before i put effort into this, my main concerns are:
- correctness of this change
- how does it play with FAB-12221

and i'd like to see your take on this :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2019, 11:07:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2
> 
> Before we merge this change, we need to be certain that it actually improves performance. The original code should parallelise calls to extractDependenciesForTx, whereas here we do that sequentially. An alternative approach would be to leave the atomic read and the CAS, and use the latter to decide who creates the new array of sync.Once - and leave the rest as is. At any rate, I'd like to pls see credible proof that we improve things before changing this code.

P.S. i'm not eagerly pushing forward this change, if it doesn't fit into overall redesign of validator and this contention will eventually being removed anyway.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/6/2019, 4:03:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Yup, this code will no longer be used once we have concluded the work for FAB-12221. I'm surprised that switching to sequential preprocessing is a boost - there must be something wrong with the benchmark.. the parameter space is quite large indeed so we may have missed something. At any rate, I agree that removing the mutex will definitely improve things - we could just replace it with a CAS.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/6/2019, 4:41:36 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> Yup, this code will no longer be used once we have concluded the work for FAB-12221. I'm surprised that switching to sequential preprocessing is a boost - there must be something wrong with the benchmark.. the parameter space is quite large indeed so we may have missed something. At any rate, I agree that removing the mutex will definitely improve things - we could just replace it with a CAS.

I'd say, let's kill the mutex, which is actually the whole point. I wasn't actually suggesting that sequential preprocessing is more performant - the performance gain from my benchmark was solely from the removal of mutex.

Glad you are onboard with CAS. I think as long as the change is tiny but helpful, we could get it in, despite that it will not be used by redesign.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/6/2019, 4:50:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

agreed - and if we backport it to 1.4 the LTS users will get the perf boost. Thx!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/20/2019, 3:33:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

will revisit, abandon for now</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1567590504<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: d599471426ed20aea5025db558b01c63caf53701<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/4/2019, 5:57:07 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1567590973<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: f782cc32e95591bff2c1be006d5be9b64660484e<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:11:16 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:11:16 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/4/2019, 7:27:05 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/4/2019, 6:39:16 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/5/2019, 9:20:06 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>