<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1915<br><strong>Subject</strong>: SSL peer authentication improvement<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/23/2016, 7:46:53 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 12/2/2016, 9:24:49 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>SSL peer authentication improvement

This commit provides the ability for safer peer authentication
even with self-signed SSL certificates.
In the grpc-go implementation, the server is able to access a field called "TLS-Unique":
TLS-Unique is (according to the "Channel Bindings for TLS" RFC):
------------------------------------------------------------
The first TLS Finished message sent (note: the Finished
struct, not the TLS record layer message containing it) in the most
recent TLS handshake of the TLS connection being bound to
-----------------------------------------------------------

And according to the SSL RFC, the client finished is:
<PRF(master_secret, finished_label, Hash(handshake_messages))>
So, this TLS-unique is equal in both sides if the connection hasn't been MITM attacked
and is already encrypted (at least from what I've read) via SSL
so it's safe to use that as a plaintext challenge and have both connecting peer
(client) and connected-to peer (server) sign that with their private keys,
and send the signature to the other peer for proof of identity.

However, in order for the SSL client to access that field,
a custom TransportCredential implementation needs to be used
because the current grpc-go doesn't return the Auth-Info
in the client-side SSL handshake.
This commit fixes it with a wrapper, and a github issue has been opened
to fix it: https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/issues/934

Special thanks to Donovan Hide who brought up the TLS-Unique idea
And looked into the golang gRPC implementation

Change-Id: I4ca5e3a66717d3c8b6d037a05125eceb2f7a8250
Signed-off-by: Yacov Manevich <yacovm@il.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/23/2016, 7:46:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/23/2016, 7:48:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/842/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/23/2016, 7:52:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1945/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/23/2016, 9:02:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/842/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1945/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/23/2016, 3:02:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

can we please add unit tests for the new function</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/23/2016, 4:07:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

@cbf, unit tests for which function?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Angelo De Caro - adc@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/2/2016, 5:25:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/2/2016, 5:34:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/22/2016, 5:53:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)

Hi Yacov, 
A few comments that could help us understand better how you use the binding and what you use as binding :)
With thanks,
Elli</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/22/2016, 8:05:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/2/2016, 9:24:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: YACOVM - YACOVM@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/23/2016, 7:46:53 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/23/2016, 3:02:57 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/23/2016, 9:02:46 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Angelo De Caro - adc@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [consensus/helper/handler.go#L79](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9/consensus/helper/handler.go#L79)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Where is context used?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [consensus/helper/handler.go#L79](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9/consensus/helper/handler.go#L79)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I extended the signature of the HandleMessage in the interface so I need to comply here too</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/peer/handler.go#L105](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9/core/peer/handler.go#L105)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>We may want to rethink this TLSUnique binding. Ale mentioned he asked one of our experts here in ZRH and that this binding is possible to appear after 1M attempts or something. Overall if we can insert a hash of the client tls certificate there along with the binding, this could help. But lets discuss this further on slack.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/peer/handler.go#L105](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9/core/peer/handler.go#L105)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I don't follow. How does inserting a hash of the client cert help? Wouldn't the fact that something might repeat after 1M attempts make us want to add something not-constant (hash of client cert is constant)?

Let's indeed discuss this on slack, tag/PM when you have time.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Elli Androulaki - lli@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/peer/peer.go#L645](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c5554d5c82d372630cb7126555f7ceca1c1211d9/core/peer/peer.go#L645)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Hm, it seems that you are already using client info in the binding. That's great!</pre></blockquote>