<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 18699<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Begin the process of refactoring old packages<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:25:37 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 3/9/2018, 8:36:39 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Begin the process of refactoring old packages

This work focuses on two areas:
1. Introduce an interface that encapsulates the exported functions
   of the peer package and provide a default implementation that
   simply delegates to the existing functions.
2. Begin breaking core/chaincode/handler into smaller pieces with
   dependencies modeled as local interfaces where possible. Mocks
   for the local interfaces are generated with counterfeiter.
   In most cases, exported fields are used to wire dependencies and
   configuration to enable easy composition/wiring as well as testing
   without explicit access to unexported functions and fields.

Unfortunately, the scope is quite large as it's been a work in progress
for the past couple of weeks while the 1.1 release was shutting down.

Change-Id: I4b99cae82ed1c3d477fc4d375f675ca328d1a1e8
Signed-off-by: Matthew Sykes <sykesmat@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:25:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:27:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21296/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:28:36 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12986/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:29:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Consider this the start of at least a conversation. There's still a lot of room for cleanup but it's time to get some eyes on it and some comments.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:50:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21296/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21296/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/21296

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12986/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12986/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12986</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 8:15:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Matt, there is pending FSM CRs waiting for many months now. They were supposed to get into 1.1 but was decided at the last minute to move to 1.2.  Now that 1.1 is done, let us get those changes immediately in first. It will simplify the code a lot and provide better basis for this work for refactoring.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 8:22:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> Matt, there is pending FSM CRs waiting for many months now. They were supposed to get into 1.1 but was decided at the last minute to move to 1.2.  Now that 1.1 is done, let us get those changes immediately in first. It will simplify the code a lot and provide better basis for this work for refactoring.

Your changes were largely incorporated. You’ll notice there’s no FSM. I really don’t know that it makes sense to put those changes in as they were instead including what may have been omitted (if something was missed).

Looking at build failures now.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 8:33:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 8:35:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21297/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 8:36:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12987/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/2/2018, 8:56:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12987/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12987/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12987

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21297/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/21297</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 7:31:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

is this going to be split in change sets, or is expected to be going in as is?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 7:43:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 7:53:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 7:58:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:26:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

reverify-e2e</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:27:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12988/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:37:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:41:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:45:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> > Patch Set 1:
 > >
 > > Matt, there is pending FSM CRs waiting for many months now. They
 > were supposed to get into 1.1 but was decided at the last minute to
 > move to 1.2.  Now that 1.1 is done, let us get those changes
 > immediately in first. It will simplify the code a lot and provide
 > better basis for this work for refactoring.
 > 
 > Your changes were largely incorporated. You’ll notice there’s no
 > FSM. I really don’t know that it makes sense to put those changes
 > in as they were instead including what may have been omitted (if
 > something was missed).
 > 
 > Looking at build failures now.

Those changes were fairly significant tested and ready to go. Incorporating them out of band loses history and makes it hard to compare with your changes.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:48:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12988/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12988/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/12988</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/4/2018, 3:58:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/4/2018, 4:09:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

@Matt, thanks. This is significant effort, while +11K of code quite hard for review. Do you have plans to split this up into smaller logically self contained peaces?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/4/2018, 4:14:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:06:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> (1 comment)

I think reworking the headers is unnecessary but I will spend 20 minutes doing it and undoing it if necessary. My understanding from conversations with Ferris is that we were trying to move to the new style of license header and would do that as we went along. If that's not the case, I think we have a disconnect.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:09:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> is this going to be split in change sets, or is expected to be going in as is?

TBD. I'm going to separate the bits that are strictly related to the peer interface creation. The chaincode package is harder to break apart without starting over. If we're going down that path, I believe it makes sense to pair on the work to ensure less friction.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:10:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> @Matt, thanks. This is significant effort, while +11K of code quite hard for review. Do you have plans to split this up into smaller logically self contained peaces?

Please see response to Yacov. It's possible to some level but extremely time consuming so I'd want to pair to ensure low friction.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:11:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> (1 comment)

These mocks are needed for the tests. I don't want the tests to be separated from the production code within a commit.

Practically speaking, you can completely ignore everything in mocks as they're all generated code used only in tests.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:12:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:14:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21314/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:15:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13006/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:36:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13006/ : FAILURE

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13006/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13006

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21314/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/21314</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 9:31:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> My understanding from conversations with Ferris is that we were trying to move to the new style of license header and would do that as we went along. If that's not the case, I think we have a disconnect.

We indeed have a disconnect then, because I wasn't aware we are moving to a style with //s.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/5/2018, 2:21:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Patch Set 3:
> 
> > My understanding from conversations with Ferris is that we were trying to move to the new style of license header and would do that as we went along. If that's not the case, I think we have a disconnect.
> 
> We indeed have a disconnect then, because I wasn't aware we are moving to a style with //s.

To be clear, we should be transitioning to an SPDX license header as in this changeset. Whether it has // or /* for comments I really have no preference.
Yacov suggests that they should be uniform. I tend to agree. I checked a few files and found /* */ style comments with SPDX content. 

To be clear, I could care less what format of comment we choose as long as it is legal;-)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/9/2018, 8:36:39 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Waiting for other PRs in this space to be rebased and merged before continuing with this thread.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1520033137<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 873c6dfeabe5702d3fdfa7b58ef4881285a75703<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/2/2018, 6:50:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1520040818<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: b30550a985b8137d18c12ac4e9e3f0ea55773c3b<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/3/2018, 9:48:40 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1520255578<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 50ff6861f87b6e6ed3d356f4fab3510e1e146641<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/5/2018, 8:36:10 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>