<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 18855<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-4458] Incremental downloads in bootstrap script<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:23:44 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 3/12/2018, 2:14:12 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-4458] Incremental downloads in bootstrap script

When a network failure occurs, bootstrap.sh will restart the download
using the curl -C option which provides resuming capabilities. The
Nexus repo, however, has some limitations which cause curl to return
error codes even when the download succeeds (see comments in the script).
They have been treated in the script. This will allow failed downloads
to be treated automatically, making the documentation leaner. Several
scenarios were tested in RHEL 7.4 and Ubuntu 14.04.

Change-Id: I3d0c8aa48a361bbff9e188db4b25b55dc00fc483
Signed-off-by: Phillip Viana <phillip.l.viana@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:23:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:26:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21380/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:27:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13081/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:50:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21380/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-x86_64/21380

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13081/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13081</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Sheehan Anderson - sranderson@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/8/2018, 4:04:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

I tested this on my Mac and confirmed that an uninterrupted download still works. Can you add a comment at the top of binaryDownload() and binaryIncrementalDownload() explaining why they were added and their function? 

I wonder if one reason this CR is not receiving attention is because it turned 1 line which I understood into 40 lines that I found difficult understand. I worry about the growing complexity of the Fabric scripts so I think comments are increasingly important.

Historically, I think there were not many comments in the Fabric scripts because they were short and simple. Now, there’s indirection in many places. For example, there’s no comment at the top of bootstrap.sh explaining why it exists or how it’s used. It referenced in the documentation via a goo.gl URL shortener so someone who followed the docs may still not follow where it was used.

I'm not picking on your change and I like that it makes the docs leaner, which is what most users are looking at. I just want to say that the scripts can be hard to follow for those not intimately familiar with them. Ideally, we could submit a PR to curl or Nexus to fix something like this, though I realize that may not always be possible.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/11/2018, 11:20:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

This was reviewed in a previous CR https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16095/ abandoned and replaced with this one (Sheehan, a rebase would have preserved the review and addressed some of your questions). Code for addressing error and failure situations typically tends to be verbose so I'm ok with the increase.

Phil, to Sheehan's point, perhaps you can fold your answers to review in the previous CR into comments in bootstrap.sh ?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/12/2018, 10:32:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> This was reviewed in a previous CR https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16095/
 > abandoned and replaced with this one (Sheehan, a rebase would have
 > preserved the review and addressed some of your questions). Code
 > for addressing error and failure situations typically tends to be
 > verbose so I'm ok with the increase.
 > 
 > Phil, to Sheehan's point, perhaps you can fold your answers to
 > review in the previous CR into comments in bootstrap.sh ?

Hi

I cannot rebase this or the original CR because of merge conflicts - the file has changed between my commit and the +2. Am I missing something, or should I just open a new CR? (sorry, this is my 2nd change...).

Thanks, Phil!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/12/2018, 12:37:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > This was reviewed in a previous CR https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16095/
 > > abandoned and replaced with this one (Sheehan, a rebase would
 > have
 > > preserved the review and addressed some of your questions). Code
 > > for addressing error and failure situations typically tends to be
 > > verbose so I'm ok with the increase.
 > >
 > > Phil, to Sheehan's point, perhaps you can fold your answers to
 > > review in the previous CR into comments in bootstrap.sh ?
 > 
 > Hi
 > 
 > I cannot rebase this or the original CR because of merge conflicts
 > - the file has changed between my commit and the +2. Am I missing
 > something, or should I just open a new CR? (sorry, this is my 2nd
 > change...).
 > 
 > Thanks, Phil!

Hi Phil, That's the whole point of rebasing...if git cannot merge without your intervention, you have to follow up the rebase with manual conflict resolution. After resolving, follow the usual process to push the result. If you'd rather redo after abandoning, we lose all this review history. In this case, since the main review has been lost anyway, I'd be ok with abandoning and redoing.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/12/2018, 2:11:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/12/2018, 2:13:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/21496/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/12/2018, 2:14:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/13190/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/12/2018, 2:14:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Please look at the following change: https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/16095/</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:23:44 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 1e3f97ef41a2688142ae98e28442b477adce6f6c<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/7/2018, 4:50:53 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Sheehan Anderson - sranderson@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/8/2018, 4:04:47 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Phil Viana - phillip.l.viana@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/12/2018, 2:11:55 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 8180156437b13cd3cb83832b1e558e97575875fc<br><br></blockquote>