<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 19369<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-8958] Environment clean up commands in docs<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Salman Baset - sabaset@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/18/2018, 11:54:16 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 4/22/2018, 10:14:40 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-8958] Environment clean up commands in docs

When starting network for adding org to a channel, the network should be
cleaned properly by deleting the volumes. Added documentation to enable
volume cleanup.

Change-Id: I9cdb5f5a3ede8fbd08cc47d1740b649082773381
Signed-off-by: Salman Baset <sabaset@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Salman Baset - sabaset@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/18/2018, 11:54:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/18/2018, 11:58:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-rtd-verify-master/361/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/19/2018, 12:00:42 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-rtd-verify-master/361/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-rtd-verify-master/361</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anthony O'Dowd - a_o-dowd@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/23/2018, 10:43:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

Sorry to appear ungrateful, that's not the intention Salman, but it would be more consistent and easier for users to keep using byfn, I think?

Thanks, Anthony.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/23/2018, 10:47:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I added a comment to the JIRA - not sure I understand the root issue here</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Salman Baset - sabaset@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/23/2018, 11:38:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (1 comment)
 > 
 > Sorry to appear ungrateful, that's not the intention Salman, but it
 > would be more consistent and easier for users to keep using byfn, I
 > think?
 > 
 > Thanks, Anthony.

@anthony, thanks. yes the docker commands can be added to byfn.sh and that is a more elegant solution. The issue is that docker-compose down --volumes is not cleaning up volumes, that causes issues when trying to rerun sample. Let me submit a patch set to fabric-samples for byfn.sh</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/20/2018, 7:35:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Given that the fix has been added to the `byfn.sh -m down` command in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/19757/ I think we're good to abandon here? (Or am I missing something? Will abandon by Tuesday if I don't hear back. Thanks.)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/22/2018, 8:26:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Given that the fix has been added to the `byfn.sh -m down` command
 > in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/19757/ I think we're good to
 > abandon here? (Or am I missing something? Will abandon by Tuesday
 > if I don't hear back. Thanks.)

I agree</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/22/2018, 10:14:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Addressed in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/19757/</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Salman Baset - sabaset@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Salman Baset - sabaset@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1521431656<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 9e274bdde329d3b30973065016042f2eccc4dc3c<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/19/2018, 12:00:42 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Anthony O'Dowd - a_o-dowd@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/23/2018, 10:43:50 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>