<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-samples<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 29927<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-14531 BYFN Raft with 5 nodes<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/7/2019, 8:01:57 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 3/21/2019, 9:17:59 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-14531 BYFN Raft with 5 nodes

Extend the 3-node etcd/raft cluster in BYFN to 5 nodes, in
order to better support the documentation effort. This will
allow users to experiment creating channels with less then
5 nodes, but avoid the pitfalls of a 2-node cluster.

Change-Id: I5ba1d6039b4bb4864b2b97271de81fbfe91b4fb5
Signed-off-by: Yoav Tock <tock@il.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2019, 8:01:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2019, 8:02:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-samples-verify-x86_64/73/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/7/2019, 8:21:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-samples-verify-x86_64/73/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-samples-verify-x86_64/73</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/11/2019, 8:20:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Joe Alewine - Joe.Alewine@ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/18/2019, 3:54:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Would it be possible to add some text to the BYFN script to make it clear --- other than it saying that the script was successful --- that the Raft cluster is up and running. 

Also, a number of references to Solo remain in the output (if you check my Slack message on this subject). Should be removed if you use the Raft flag, I would think.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/18/2019, 4:43:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Joe - please feel free to push a change set on top of this one :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/19/2019, 6:11:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

What are the pitfalls of a 2-node cluster?
Is this documented elsewhere?

Also, the sample developer is in better position to update scripts than the doc editor :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/19/2019, 6:14:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Would it be possible to add some text to the BYFN script to make it
 > clear --- other than it saying that the script was successful ---
 > that the Raft cluster is up and running.
 > 
 > Also, a number of references to Solo remain in the output (if you
 > check my Slack message on this subject). Should be removed if you
 > use the Raft flag, I would think.

The 'solo' is emitted by the fabric tools that we use, configtxgen, not the script.

The evidence that Raft is running is that the docker containers are up (5 of them) and that the transactions go through successfully. Th users can then do `docker logs CONTAINER` and inspect the orderer logs, looking for the leader change on each channel.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Simon Stone - sstone1@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/21/2019, 8:38:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/21/2019, 8:53:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

I did some trials with the 5 orderer byfn, it worked well for me. Ran it through, stopped 3 orderers, re-started them. Quorum re-established. Logs look pretty good.

I'll go ahead and merge.  Although Simon's comments do need to be looked at still.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/21/2019, 8:53:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by David Enyeart</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/21/2019, 9:17:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-samples-merge-x86_64/24/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-samples-merge-x86_64/24</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1551963717<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [efaadd329da0728b700e0ecc37779ff2ecf00b96](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-samples/commit/efaadd329da0728b700e0ecc37779ff2ecf00b96)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/7/2019, 8:21:38 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/11/2019, 8:20:28 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/21/2019, 8:53:31 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: David Enyeart<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 3/21/2019, 8:53:33 PM<br><br></blockquote>