<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-samples</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 33264<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-16472<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 8/29/2019, 4:18:48 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/12/2019, 3:29:30 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-16472

Signed-off-by: Paritosh Ranjan <paranjan@in.ibm.com>
Change-Id: I5ea3d5e680724cf1119ffa278191479260162f53
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2019, 4:18:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2019, 4:18:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-samples-verify-x86_64/521/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2019, 4:51:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-samples-verify-x86_64/521/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-samples-verify-x86_64/521</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Simon Stone - sstone1@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2019, 6:24:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

This is not necessary - the connection profile is generated during runtime in the first-network folder.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2019, 6:42:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

I was reading the sample code while following the readthedocs documentation. However, I was not able to find this connection profile json. As a beginner, it was difficult for me to understand why there is no connection profile at the path mentioned.

I also saw another user asking the same question on stackoverflow about the missing connection profile json. See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57282041/is-the-connection-org1-json-missing-in-fabcar-example

That is why I thought that having in the code would help beginners.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Simon Stone - sstone1@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2019, 6:51:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1
> 
> I was reading the sample code while following the readthedocs documentation. However, I was not able to find this connection profile json. As a beginner, it was difficult for me to understand why there is no connection profile at the path mentioned.
> 
> I also saw another user asking the same question on stackoverflow about the missing connection profile json. See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57282041/is-the-connection-org1-json-missing-in-fabcar-example
> 
> That is why I thought that having in the code would help beginners.

The file is generated at runtime, when you run the startFabric.sh script. It can also be generated by running through the Build Your First Network (BYFN) tutorial which uses the scripts in the first-network folder.

If the documentation is not clear, then we need to update the documentation, but we should not check in a file that is generated at runtime.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2019, 7:11:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1
> > 
> > I was reading the sample code while following the readthedocs documentation. However, I was not able to find this connection profile json. As a beginner, it was difficult for me to understand why there is no connection profile at the path mentioned.
> > 
> > I also saw another user asking the same question on stackoverflow about the missing connection profile json. See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57282041/is-the-connection-org1-json-missing-in-fabcar-example
> > 
> > That is why I thought that having in the code would help beginners.
> 
> The file is generated at runtime, when you run the startFabric.sh script. It can also be generated by running through the Build Your First Network (BYFN) tutorial which uses the scripts in the first-network folder.
> 
> If the documentation is not clear, then we need to update the documentation, but we should not check in a file that is generated at runtime.

What is the need for the connection profile to be generated at runtime?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Simon Stone - sstone1@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2019, 7:15:09 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > Patch Set 1:
> > 
> > > Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1
> > > 
> > > I was reading the sample code while following the readthedocs documentation. However, I was not able to find this connection profile json. As a beginner, it was difficult for me to understand why there is no connection profile at the path mentioned.
> > > 
> > > I also saw another user asking the same question on stackoverflow about the missing connection profile json. See https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57282041/is-the-connection-org1-json-missing-in-fabcar-example
> > > 
> > > That is why I thought that having in the code would help beginners.
> > 
> > The file is generated at runtime, when you run the startFabric.sh script. It can also be generated by running through the Build Your First Network (BYFN) tutorial which uses the scripts in the first-network folder.
> > 
> > If the documentation is not clear, then we need to update the documentation, but we should not check in a file that is generated at runtime.
> 
> What is the need for the connection profile to be generated at runtime?

The TLS certificates are now inlined into the connection profile, and new TLS certificates are generated every time you run the BYFN sample.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/11/2019, 9:45:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

Thanks for your contribution but I have to agree with Simon. It is the documentation that needs to be fixed if it leaves the reader confused.
Please, let us know if you're interested in submitting a CR for this. This will need to be done against the fabric repo so this CR needs to be abandoned.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/12/2019, 3:29:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Fix not needed</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1567066728<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: b5784650babdb404501e9d43ffd55132a6d791eb<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/29/2019, 4:51:35 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/11/2019, 9:45:15 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Simon Stone - sstone1@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/30/2019, 6:24:35 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Paritosh Ranjan - paranjan@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/30/2019, 6:42:58 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>