<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 32603<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-12378] Refactor util.go file<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:31:26 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 8/13/2019, 2:59:34 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-12378] Refactor util.go file

util.go file contains various types and static functions. It can
be divided into two main categoris, one is chain related, another
is config metadata related.
This CR moves chain related types and functions to chainutil.go
and config related functions to config.go.
Moves type ConsenterCertificate and func CreateConsentersMap to
consenter.go. Moves func RaftPeers to node.go because it is only
used there.

Change-Id: Iee439faddf4668e3062a13924961e0939fbe676a
Signed-off-by: jongkwon.lee <jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:31:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:36:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/15968/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:37:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:39:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:40:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/15968/ : FAILURE (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/15968</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:49:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

PTAL. This is my first CR in fabric.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 3:11:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> PTAL. This is my first CR in fabric.

Thank you for the CR. Before I look too deeply, it doesn't look like these changes are directly related to the JIRA item referenced in the commit message. This doesn't remove references to the fabric util items but reorganizes some of the code within the etcdraft package.

Also, the linters are failing in CI. In addition to unit tests, please run "make basic-checks" to run through our linting items. That should point out what needs to be changed.

Thanks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:05:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> This doesn't remove references to the fabric util items...

Could you elaborate this? I also read the statement you are mentioning, but could not understand clearly what it means.
"the package util is anti-pattern" should mean that we should not make packages named "util" and should not make files named "util.go" because it does not tell what's the role of the package or files.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:33:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:37:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16006/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:38:01 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:44:36 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:45:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16006/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/16006</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:47:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/10759/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:47:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:47:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14177/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:48:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 1:10:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 2:14:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 2:15:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/10759/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/10759

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14177/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/14177</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/1/2019, 11:39:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > This doesn't remove references to the fabric util items...
> 
> Could you elaborate this? I also read the statement you are mentioning, but could not understand clearly what it means.
> "the package util is anti-pattern" should mean that we should not make packages named "util" and should not make files named "util.go" because it does not tell what's the role of the package or files.

Packages that consist of a pile of unrelated functions are an anti-pattern. 'util' packages typically fit this description but, in this case, we have a util.go *file* in a package related to etcdraft.

Given what's in master today, the only "fabric util" package I see referenced by etcdraft is protoutil. While protoutil could use some attention to trim it down and organize it, that's really outside of the scope of the JIRA and this CR.

Jason has been added as a reviewer (this is mostly his area) so I'll defer to him on the actual changes.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/5/2019, 3:20:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> > Patch Set 1:
> > 
> > > This doesn't remove references to the fabric util items...
> > 
> > Could you elaborate this? I also read the statement you are mentioning, but could not understand clearly what it means.
> > "the package util is anti-pattern" should mean that we should not make packages named "util" and should not make files named "util.go" because it does not tell what's the role of the package or files.
> 
> Packages that consist of a pile of unrelated functions are an anti-pattern. 'util' packages typically fit this description but, in this case, we have a util.go *file* in a package related to etcdraft.
> 
> Given what's in master today, the only "fabric util" package I see referenced by etcdraft is protoutil. While protoutil could use some attention to trim it down and organize it, that's really outside of the scope of the JIRA and this CR.
> 
> Jason has been added as a reviewer (this is mostly his area) so I'll defer to him on the actual changes.

Yes, the referenced JIRA was for removing dependence on the 'util' packages such as github.com/hyperledger/common/util and github.com/hyperledger/fabric/protoutil, I don't think this CR accomplishes that goal.

I'm not a huge fan of the etcdraft/util.go file, but I'm not sure that this split is really an improvement.  Added @Jay as he's the original author of much of this structure.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/5/2019, 3:22:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Can't you use `git mv` to rename the file util.go to chainutil.go instead of deleting it?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jay Guo - guojiannan1101@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 2:28:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> PTAL. This is my first CR in fabric.

Thanks!



> Packages that consist of a pile of unrelated functions are an anti-pattern

I agree with Matt's statement here, and in this light, i think some cleanup in etcdraft/util.go is needed. Even though code in `util.go` do have one thing in common - they all serve etcdraft chain - but with different functionalities.

I would suggest following:
- move `MembershipChanges` and respective tests to its own file, i.e. members.go
- blockpuller related code deserves its own file as well. It's seemingly not tied to etcdraft and can be moved to common/cluster. but I guess other type of consensus may construct puller differently, @Yacov may have a better idea here
- eviction suspector could be moved out as well, and there's a story to refactor it to use fake clock (FAB-15563)
- then we would have util.go to contain only config related functions, and I'm fine leaving them as is, since the file name `util` itself is not anti-pattern. config.go in fabric often strikes me as places that actually hold the config definitions.

You might want to submit incremental CR to do one thing at a time, to make review easier.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/6/2019, 4:49:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Thank you guys for the comments. I think I misunderstood FAB-12378 and refactoring util.go seems to be more difficult then I thought. But, I could try it incrementally as Jay suggested.
Thanks!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/13/2019, 2:59:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

This will be replace with other CLs.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:31:26 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 6370fe5ccf5c085fdcea83bfd072682885cdc134<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/31/2019, 5:39:24 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jong-Kwon Lee - jongkwon.lee@navercorp.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:33:02 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 1f3d014902f3c0fcbf56604c4ce23130514cdba1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:44:36 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/1/2019, 12:44:36 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/1/2019, 2:14:38 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/1/2019, 1:10:32 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>