<strong>Project</strong>: blockchain-explorer</br><strong>Branch</strong>: release-3.5<br><strong>ID</strong>: 27715<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Allow Postgre entrypoint usage from a docker-compose<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 11/23/2018, 10:52:02 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/23/2019, 9:31:05 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Allow Postgre entrypoint usage from a docker-compose

Postgre docker image allows db post configuration from its entrypoint as
described here:  https://hub.docker.com/_/postgres/ (How to extend this image)

Current blockchain explorer db post configuration is currently done through
a dedicated command run after container is started. This is a blocking point if
you want to setup a docker-compose file to run both your blockchain db explorer
and blockchain explorer containers. Bellow is the docker-compose file example
I'm able to run with that change :

```
version: '2.1'

networks:
  mynetwork.com:
    name: mynetwork.com

services:

  explorerdb.mynetwork.com:
    image: mffrench/explorer-db:0.3.5.1
    container_name: explorerdb.mynetwork.com
    hostname: explorerdb.mynetwork.com
    environment:
      - DATABASE_DATABASE=fabricexplorer
      - DATABASE_USERNAME=hppoc
      - DATABASE_PASSWORD=password
    command: bash -c "cp /opt/createdb.sh /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d && \
/docker-entrypoint.sh postgres"
    networks:
      - mynetwork.com

  explorer.mynetwork.com:
    image: mffrench/explorer:0.3.5.1
    container_name: explorer.mynetwork.com
    hostname: explorer.mynetwork.com
    environment:
      - DATABASE_HOST=explorerdb.mynetwork.com
      - DATABASE_USERNAME=hppoc
      - DATABASE_PASSWD=password
    volumes:
      - ./config.json:/opt/explorer/app/platform/fabric/config.json
      - ./crypto-config:/tmp/crypto
    command: sh -c "sleep 16&& node /opt/explorer/main.js && tail -f /dev/null"
    ports:
      - 8090:8080
    networks:
     - mynetwork.com
```

I wanted that change to be as minimal as possible to be compliant with current
blockchain explorer configuration/start procedure. So the only change I did
was :
- check which user is running the createdb.sh script. In the case the script is
runned from the postgre entrypoint the user is already postgre and we don't
need sudo.
- cherry on the cake : check if the configuration has already been done earlier
then on container restart we don't need to run again sql scripts.

Change-Id: Ie8a12ae71c28c8f70d2fb404a81126400675e55e
Signed-off-by: Mathilde Ffrench <mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/23/2018, 10:52:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/23/2018, 10:56:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/blockchain-explorer-node8-verify-x86_64/15/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/23/2018, 10:58:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/blockchain-explorer-node8-verify-x86_64/15/ : FAILURE

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/blockchain-explorer-node8-verify-x86_64/15</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/23/2018, 11:03:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Assignee added: Nik Frunza <nfrunza@gmail.com></pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/23/2018, 11:06:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

Build failed, and see my comments</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/23/2018, 11:08:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Also a jira needs to be created and description added.
i do not see the need of the change you submitted</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/26/2018, 6:24:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hi Nick,

need of the change: simplify hyperledger explorer deployment and usage by using docker-compose. As explain in the commit message, I don't see how to use such tools if database configuration is not done through Postgre entrypoint. 

About DB model update : in such case I personnally would manage that in a dedicated migration procedure by recreating new containers from new images version and not update existing containers instances which may already have data in it. If migration is successfull I will then stop & remove previous containers versions. Such procedure is coming from my PROD experiences but you may have some other existing procedure to provide secured data model migration (don't see any doc about that subject) ? 

Still I would like to protect running containers from any useless reconfiguration on restart operations.

Let me know if purpose of this change is more clear for you and if it has your approval. If yes I will create jira / check the db connection issue. If no we can abandon this change. 

Best,</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/26/2018, 8:33:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

The build failed, we cannot approve such change</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/26/2018, 8:40:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Regarding your assertion : `i do not see the need of the change you submitted`. Do you understand and approve the purpose of the change ? If yes I will look to fix the build issue else we can abandon.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/26/2018, 8:46:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Alex, Atshushi, can you take a look at the submitted change?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Atsushi Neki - AtsushiN@fast.au.fujitsu.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/27/2018, 9:29:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Looks good to me except the following.
My understanding is that you saying "Current db post configuration" means "deploy_load_database" in deploy_explorer.sh. Why don't you change the deploy script to use /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d for Creating default database schemas ? If do so, you will not need to add the file existence check of conf.done for avoiding multiple initialisation, I think.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/27/2018, 1:29:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hi Atsushi and Nik,

I wanted to use docker-compose and not the deploy script - it seems to me much more simpler with no specific deploy script to learn. 

The postgre entry point is executed each time we are starting the container along with any *sh|*sql in /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d. The file check is a way to protect against multiple post configuration at each start. I don't see other way to provide such check with such minimal changes.

Finally keep in mind this is a minimal patch on old Hyperledger Explorer version (because I'm still using HLF 1.1 currently). I wanted to stay compliant with existing at minimal costs. On the master branch I would have changed the Dockerfile to  copy the createdb.sh directly in /docker-entrypoint-initdb.d, provide a docker-compose template file, update the README, the deploy script and so on ... 

But for such work I wanted to get your feedbacks first and upgrade my apps to HLF 1.3 first.

Best,</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/27/2018, 1:32:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

And with this docker-compose file, I'm able to integrate such deployment with my other docker-compose files. And it would be also helpfull to setup k8s deployment files.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/28/2018, 8:47:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Let's do the following, create a branch from the v0.3.5.1, do the changes, and then we can tag it. An update of the readme will need to be done and other instructions updated. This will be a dedicated tag for your changes, maybe someone-else will use it.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Atsushi Neki - AtsushiN@fast.au.fujitsu.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/28/2018, 5:23:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hi Mathilde,

Thanks, I understood and also talked with Nik.
We totally agreed with your proposal. For docker container user, the current deploy script (deploy_explorer.sh.) is not needed any more, i think. By providing a template of docker-compose.yaml, the users will be able to use explorer more easily.
And if you add a volume to docker-compose.yaml to persist pgdata (/var/lib/postgresql/data postgres) on docker host, you will not need to put duplication check of db setup.
https://github.com/docker-library/postgres/blob/master/docker-entrypoint.sh#L57</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/23/2019, 9:31:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

failed jenkins build</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Mathilde Ffrench - mathilde.ffrench@fr.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1542988322<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: febacf6b97ca641d64f9a75a7a9b7a14b47e8983<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/23/2018, 10:58:59 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Nik Frunza - nfrunza@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 11/23/2018, 11:06:04 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>