<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-samples<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 18509<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-8567] Remove explicit persistence path (m)<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/27/2018, 11:15:49 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/28/2018, 5:46:34 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-8567] Remove explicit persistence path (m)

Master branch

This CR changes the ledger persistence from being to the local directory
to being managed by docker-compose.  Having docker-compose manage the
volumes is probably for the best overall, though it does make detecting
the persisted ledgers a little more challenging.

This change is required because the '-p' fails under Vagrant when
executed from within the volume which is shared with the host.

Change-Id: I9c84e8e4e557b3522ba9f3b0c6b8460b9f02f39c
Signed-off-by: Jason Yellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 11:15:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 11:18:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-byfn-verify-x86_64/303/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/27/2018, 11:36:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-byfn-verify-x86_64/303/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-byfn-verify-x86_64/303</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 2:55:42 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)

I am generally good with this.  Just one question inline.
I'll add to the must-fix list.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 2:57:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I'll add to the must-fix list, since we don't want to be changing our basic persistence approach across releases.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 3:01:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Patch Set 1 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 3:05:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-byfn-verify-x86_64/304/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 3:22:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-byfn-verify-x86_64/304/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-byfn-verify-x86_64/304</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 10:36:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 10:40:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2

Worked for me... needs the fix David submitted to test with couchdb</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 11:05:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 11:40:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 1:20:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

I think Luis's comment definitely has some merit.  Let me put together an alternate CR which implements that so we can compare these approaches fairly.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 1:29:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

I like the thought but it is really too close to the release to make such a change, IMO - leave the refactor for another day</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 1:55:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Here is the alternative approach, where volumes always persist until 'down':

https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/18535/
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/18539/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 1:59:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> I like the thought but it is really too close to the release to
 > make such a change, IMO - leave the refactor for another day

I don't think refactoring is going to be practical in the future, since whichever approach we choose will get copied to multiple release branches and will be the basis for our upgrade tutorial going forward. Yes, we need to close this down asap, but I think we'll end up living with whatever we decide today.

Additionally, the -p option was added just this week, and has added complexity and an increased test burden that we'd have to live with forever. So the status quo is not really the status quo here.

Let's evaluate Jason's CRs head to head with that in mind.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 2:00:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

And, just confirmed the upgrade scenario as working, following the same steps as documented, but removing '-p'.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 5:31:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

I'm voting for the alt
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/18535/
and
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/18539/
set.

Downvoting this set.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/28/2018, 5:46:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Abandoning in favor of always using volume mounts.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/27/2018, 11:15:49 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 1b9a74cfc1a93ae411f846fcf8382e6ff0036c23<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/27/2018, 11:36:19 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/28/2018, 3:01:05 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 97052d8e92cf5fff5c899ae885ab861c91e8ec07<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/28/2018, 10:40:56 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/28/2018, 3:22:28 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/28/2018, 1:20:02 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/28/2018, 5:31:46 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>