<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 22747<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-10095] Add pvt data related tests<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:21:01 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:55:46 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-10095] Add pvt data related tests

This CR introduces a test folder under kvledger that contains
 - Util code for making it easy to write tests that operate
   at the level of ledger APIs

 - Tests related to pvt data functions utilizing the above mentioned
   util code

Change-Id: Ic16007cf2d6034249b0a5e10c0bcb0b800439dae
Signed-off-by: manish <manish.sethi@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:21:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:24:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2298/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:24:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:31:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1 F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:31:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2298/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2298</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:33:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1524/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:34:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting smoke tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:41:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2: Patch Set 1 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:43:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2301/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:43:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -F2-DocBuild -F1-VerifyBuild -F3-IntegrationTest

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1 F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2301/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2301</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1524/ : ABORTED

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1524/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1524</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:50:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1527/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:51:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting smoke tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:00:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F2-SmokeTest+1

Succeeded, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:04:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2435/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:04:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:10:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F3-UnitTest-1

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:10:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2435/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2435/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2435

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1527/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1527</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:22:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:24:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2314/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:25:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:32:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:33:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2314/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/2314</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:35:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1536/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:35:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting smoke tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:50:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F2-SmokeTest+1

Succeeded, Run UnitTest, Run IntegrationTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:52:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2443/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:52:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/28/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:52:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:52:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:59:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 7:07:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2018, 7:07:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1536/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/1536

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2443/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/2443

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/28/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/28</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2018, 2:37:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Patch Set 3 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2018, 3:02:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

I'm very confused by this.

Code that's referred to as "util" implies it has _utility_ to those outside of the package yet what's here is largely unexpected.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2018, 3:36:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(8 comments)

Looks like the draft of comments from before was sent before I was finished...

The basic pattern for test helpers is to create a package associated with the production code and name it with a test suffix. For example, the http package has httptest and the io package has iotest.

Within the test package, the helpers are exported such that they can be used from other packages and usually provide features that add with assertions. What's in this CR is a collection of tests and "aids" that are tightly coupled.

Basically, I don't see how this is really helping to make tests clearer and easier to understand; it seems to be spreading knowledge out.

Instead of what's here, can we focus on patterns that exist today, create some simple utility to remove the boilerplate, and update the tests to use the utility? If that makes things easier to write and easier to understand it's a win.

I also think there are things that could be done in the production code to make testing easier. Those, imo, would be far more valuable.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/15/2018, 7:47:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Thanks Matt for your comments. I need further clarification on your comments. I am limiting to high level comments as the other specific comments are easier to discuss separately and will discuss them later.


 > The basic pattern for test helpers is to create a package
 > associated with the production code and name it with a test suffix.
 > For example, the http package has httptest and the io package has
 > iotest.

Thanks for pointing out this naming pattern. However, let me further understand the interpretation of this naming pattern. Taking an example of httptest package which of the following is a more meaningful interpretation of this naming
   - This package is intended to be used for testing the http handlers that folks write or 
   - This package is intended to be used to test the http server itself or
   - Both
   
In our case, the intent of this code is to mainly test the ledger itself as opposed to assume that the ledger functions correctly and help folks test their pluggable logic (e.g., chaincode... )

 > Within the test package, the helpers are exported such that they
 > can be used from other packages and usually provide features that
 > add with assertions. What's in this CR is a collection of tests and
 > "aids" that are tightly coupled.

I was also in dilemma whether to have these util files in a separate package or simply
have it in the same package with filename util_xxx. As I said above, the main motivation
here is to test the ledger code only, I was not sure how the exported types and function may be interpreted and hence kept the unexported. I can move the util_xxx files into a separate package but they will only be used by the ledger tests though.

 > Basically, I don't see how this is really helping to make tests
 > clearer and easier to understand; it seems to be spreading
 > knowledge out.
 > 
 Not sure if I understad this fully. I agree that a couple of places, I could have been more explicit as opposed to manipulating the test data (such as, https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/22747/3/core/ledger/kvledger/tests/pvtdata_test.go@66  should have been exposed as proper function). However, if you mean something else - a specific pointer will be helpful.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/15/2018, 7:52:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Looks like last comments got messed up. Please ignore them and pasting them here again...

 > The basic pattern for test helpers is to create a package
 > associated with the production code and name it with a test suffix.
 > For example, the http package has httptest and the io package has
 > iotest.

Thanks for pointing out this naming pattern. However, let me further 
understand the interpretation of this naming pattern. Taking an example 
of httptest package which of the following is a more meaningful interpretation 
of this naming
   - This package is intended to be used for testing the http handlers that folks write or 
   - This package is intended to be used to test the http server itself or
   - Both
   
In our case, the intent of this code is to mainly test the ledger itself 
as opposed to assume that the ledger functions correctly and help 
folks test their pluggable logic (e.g., chaincode... )

 > Within the test package, the helpers are exported such that they
 > can be used from other packages and usually provide features that
 > add with assertions. What's in this CR is a collection of tests and
 > "aids" that are tightly coupled.

I was also in dilemma whether to have these util files in a separate package 
or simply have it in the same package with filename util_xxx. As I said above, 
the main motivation here is to test the ledger code only, I was not sure how the 
exported types and function may be interpreted and hence kept the unexported. 
Mainly, I did not wanted someone to have the interpretation number (1) in the above
list. I can move the util_xxx files into a separate package (I would like that in fact)
but they will only be meaningful to be used by the ledger tests and I'll name this
package based on your answer to the above question

 > Basically, I don't see how this is really helping to make tests
 > clearer and easier to understand; it seems to be spreading
 > knowledge out.
 
 Not sure if I understad this fully. I agree that a couple of places, 
 I could have been more explicit as opposed to manipulating the 
 test data (such as, https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/22747/3/core/ledger/kvledger/tests/pvtdata_test.go@66  
 should have been exposed as proper function). 
 However, if you mean something else - a specific pointer will be helpful.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/22/2018, 1:20:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed reviewer Matthew Sykes.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 11:56:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Run VerifyBuild</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 11:57:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Patch Set 4 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 11:58:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Run VerifyBuild</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 11:58:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

No Builds Executed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 12:00:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4420/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 12:00:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: -F2-DocBuild -F1-VerifyBuild -F2-SmokeTest -F3-IntegrationTest -F3-UnitTest

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 12:03:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 12:04:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4420/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4420/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4420</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:07:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:11:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4431/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:12:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:18:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:19:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4431/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/4431</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:20:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/2896/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:21:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Starting smoke tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:33:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: F2-SmokeTest+1

Succeeded, Run UnitTest, Run IntegrationTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:36:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/4054/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:36:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:37:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/1616/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:38:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:53:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:55:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:56:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/2896/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/2896

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/4054/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/4054

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/1616/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/1616</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/31/2018, 12:25:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2

The ledger integration tests here are important to get in, let's go ahead and merge to master to increase the test coverage.
The style of the tests can be further debated at any time, no need to hold up valuable test coverage while those discussions continue offline.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:01:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:01:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Manish Sethi</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:03:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/4456/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:05:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/3126/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:55:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/4456/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/4456/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-x86_64/4456

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/3126/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/3126/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/3126</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:21:01 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: f19ec0f8f805c377463047071c3f6e759d6d280d<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:31:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:31:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:31:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:42 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:41:23 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 01588d40ecfe9ff8b5ec3de73a2242d571fc036c<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:00:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 3:48:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 4:10:14 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:22:11 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: b6edb66e0b993ead1012f26ac73ec071191888cc<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:32:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:32:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:50:04 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:59:06 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 7:07:42 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 7/31/2018, 2:37:23 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 81db59f9cb2cbe24ccf5b2b65257f09113fad30a<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:32:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:32:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:50:04 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 6:59:06 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2018, 7:07:42 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/28/2018, 11:57:24 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: dc787d760c9ec6bddff38ae127b4693623569ea6<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/28/2018, 12:03:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:07:54 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [137bfcb894bce8a848f2d8f7725c4efa444b08df](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/137bfcb894bce8a848f2d8f7725c4efa444b08df)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:18:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:18:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:33:49 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:55:01 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/28/2018, 3:53:08 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:01:46 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Manish Sethi<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 9/5/2018, 12:01:48 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/31/2018, 12:25:52 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>