<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 5699<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Fix gossip remote-peer auth when ignoresecurity<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/8/2017, 2:12:55 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/8/2017, 6:10:23 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Fix gossip remote-peer auth when ignoresecurity

when gossip.ignoresecurity is enabled, gossip peers use their endpoint
as PKIID.  When joining chain, PKIID of remote-peer should also be
initialized with endpoint.
This fix is to set pkiid to endpoint if ignoresecurity is enabled.

Change-Id: I54e5cac415533deabccfaafe7956fabe548aa0bf
Signed-off-by: conghonglei <conghonglei@wanda.cn>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 2:12:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 2:15:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6346/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Artem Barger - bartem@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 2:42:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 2:46:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)

> (1 comment)

OK.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 3:05:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 3:09:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6348/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 3:24:21 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6346/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 4:13:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2

Hi Cong. 

I appreciate the attempt to fix gossip, but that's not a bug.
Regardless of whether peers are initialized with ignoreSecurity or not, the certificate (and thus- the PKI-ID) is derived only from the peer itself and *must not* be computed in any other way.
Meaning- the only way of knowing the cert (and thus-PKI-ID) of a peer is by that peer telling you that explicitly, or transitively (having a different peer tell you about that).

Now, having said that-I assume the reason for your change request is that you initialized peers with ingoreSecurity, and made them join a channel by giving them a genesis block that was created without ignoreSecurity set when invoking the create channel command.

This is probably because of the gettingStarted.yml, and it will be addressed in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/5691/1/examples/sfhackfest/channel_test.sh</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 4:18:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/6348/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 4:34:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Hi Cong.
 > 
 > I appreciate the attempt to fix gossip, but that's not a bug.
 > Regardless of whether peers are initialized with ignoreSecurity or
 > not, the certificate (and thus- the PKI-ID) is derived only from
 > the peer itself and *must not* be computed in any other way.
 > Meaning- the only way of knowing the cert (and thus-PKI-ID) of a
 > peer is by that peer telling you that explicitly, or transitively
 > (having a different peer tell you about that).
 > 
 > Now, having said that-I assume the reason for your change request
 > is that you initialized peers with ingoreSecurity, and made them
 > join a channel by giving them a genesis block that was created
 > without ignoreSecurity set when invoking the create channel
 > command.
 > 
 > This is probably because of the gettingStarted.yml, and it will be
 > addressed in https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/5691/1/examples/sfhackfest/channel_test.sh

Thanks for reference, Yacov.  But I dont think the script will fix the issue, because I also has similar script to create tmp anchor file.
When peer init gossip with ignore-security, peer identity is changed to endpoint explicitly.  So, same work is also needed when other peer joining chain, because they need to verify the peer-identity on creating connection? Or peer identity should not change to endpoint in peer init?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 4:39:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Thanks for reference, Yacov.  But I dont think the script will fix the issue, because I also has similar script to create tmp anchor file.
When peer init gossip with ignore-security, peer identity is changed to endpoint explicitly.  So, same work is also needed when other peer joining chain, because they need to verify the peer-identity on creating connection? Or peer identity should not change to endpoint in peer init?

So, when a different peer joins a chain, either it simply uses the same genesis block, or it simply fetches it from the ordering service via "peer channel fetch".
Either way- if the genesis block was created correctly with the ignore security, the genesis block should contain the certificate of the peer as the endpoint, instead of the real PEM from the anchor peer file.

In any case- I suggest we take this offline. 
my username in https://chat.hyperledger.org is the same one as here. 
We can talk there in real time, perhaps I may be missing something.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2017, 6:10:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

not a issue.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: conghonglei - conghonglei@wanda.cn<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/8/2017, 2:12:55 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: c64d3c205e9d423fcc7aa2d3f01dcb77aae5ed99<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/8/2017, 3:24:21 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: conghonglei - conghonglei@wanda.cn<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Cong Honglei - conghonglei@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/8/2017, 3:05:46 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 2212d88958296a0b5376da29f6609380b40716b5<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/8/2017, 4:18:05 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/8/2017, 4:13:00 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>