<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1043<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Added `funcrepo` module for the automatic parsing of arguments in function calls made to the ledger.<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/13/2016, 3:23:41 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/5/2017, 7:42:44 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Added `funcrepo` module for the automatic parsing of arguments in function
calls made to the ledger.

Change-Id: I88153b900a70d779e64c345db8c471876dca70b1
Signed-off-by: Paul Schnapp <pschnap@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2016, 3:23:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2016, 3:25:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1138/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2016, 3:27:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/61/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2016, 3:46:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Test comment</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/13/2016, 4:28:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1138/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/61/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2016, 9:34:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/14/2016, 2:16:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

I agree with Chris.  Here's what I think is needed.

1) Code should possibly be moved down inside the chaincode shim?  Or is this expected to be used as a library from other places as well (such as in clients)
2) Unit tests
3) Example code
4) Documentation (how to use this, where it should be used, how any schema declaration works, etc).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/3/2016, 2:44:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I agree with Chris.  Here's what I think is needed.
 > 
 > 1) Code should possibly be moved down inside the chaincode shim? 
 > Or is this expected to be used as a library from other places as
 > well (such as in clients)
 > 2) Unit tests
 > 3) Example code
 > 4) Documentation (how to use this, where it should be used, how any
 > schema declaration works, etc).

I've moved the code into the shim directory, added unit tests, and added an example. (Now I need to get internal approval to submit these changes.) Where would you suggest I put documentation?

Thanks</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/3/2016, 11:39:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

there are no tests.  this is especially bad because you are using the reflect package so I think we'll need a bunch of negative tests

I am also not sure that we should be adding this to the core fabric at this point?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/4/2016, 11:10:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> there are no tests.  this is especially bad because you are using
 > the reflect package so I think we'll need a bunch of negative tests
 > 
 > I am also not sure that we should be adding this to the core fabric
 > at this point?

The tests (and example) have not yet been submitted here for review; I wrote them after the initial submission and need to get permission where I work before I can submit them here.

I wasn't sure where in this project my module would fit (if at all); if you know of a more appropriate area, other than the core fabric, I'm all ears.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 7:46:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Let's hold off in putting this in master for now (we are working on getting things set for v1).  But I like where this is going.  I'd advise joining the #fabric-peer-dev Slack channel and working with Murali and team.  We may also want to work with the SDK team as we look at moving chaincode development over there as well.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/25/2016, 3:51:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

What are the plans for this changeset?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 11/28/2016, 8:32:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> What are the plans for this changeset?

I've yet to coordinate with the folks in #fabric-peer-dev; I need to submit a revised changeset (which includes unit tests, example code, and a bugfix) for review too, but wanted to coordinate with peer-dev first.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/5/2017, 7:42:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

I'm abandoning this changeset for now. Please feel free to submit a new one when you have had the chance to coordinate the change with Binh etc.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/5/2017, 7:42:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

see my last comment - has been sitting idle too long</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Paul Schnapp - pschnap@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/13/2016, 3:23:41 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [94f3766a118db40a4caaef02ddb1195577d4a9c5](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/94f3766a118db40a4caaef02ddb1195577d4a9c5)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/5/2017, 7:42:27 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/13/2016, 4:28:46 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/14/2016, 2:16:33 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/3/2016, 11:39:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [/COMMIT_MSG#L7](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/94f3766a118db40a4caaef02ddb1195577d4a9c5//COMMIT_MSG#L7)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Commit messages should have a title of 50 or fewer chars
followed by a blank line
followed by a body that describes the change and motivation, and reference to a corresponding JIRA if any

Please fix this message accordingly</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/chaincode/funcrepo/funcrepo.go#L20](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/94f3766a118db40a4caaef02ddb1195577d4a9c5/core/chaincode/funcrepo/funcrepo.go#L20)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>where are the unit tests for these?</pre></blockquote>