<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1079<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Adding TypeDoc files for SDK<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:34:59 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/20/2016, 4:44:26 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Adding TypeDoc files for SDK

Adding the TypeDoc generated documentation for SDK
classes, functions, and interface deffinitions. These
files were previously removed as they were found to
clutter the local repository upon building the SDK.
As the build process has been modified, these docs
are no longer generated until explicitly made to do
so. Furthermore, developers were finding these docs
useful. We are therefore checking them back into the
repo, as otherwise we can not access them from our
online documentation or from the npm README.

Fixes FAB-211
Fixes FAB-164

Change-Id: I08d01cf1ed4909f42518434aa8d643e92b5cde89
Signed-off-by: Anna D Derbakova <adderbak@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:34:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:36:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1197/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:37:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:37:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/120/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:38:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1198/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:39:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/121/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:42:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1

Makefile looks good</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:54:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1197/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/120/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:56:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1198/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/121/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Caroline Daughtrey - cdaughtr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 3:46:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1

Verified doc updates from FAB-125, FAB-126, FAB-233.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 7:37:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

my concern is that the developer needs to clone the repository to get the docs. Can't we host them? Can we work with Ramesh to find a way we can host the latest alongside the readthedocs?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/16/2016, 8:50:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/18/2016, 5:35:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

I agree with Chris.  I think we should like at finding a markdown plugin and generating markdown docs we can add to readthedocs and/or a Github wiki if we need a place to store the latest for a non-release version.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2016, 1:36:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> my concern is that the developer needs to clone the repository to
 > get the docs. Can't we host them? Can we work with Ramesh to find a
 > way we can host the latest alongside the readthedocs?

I am not sure what you mean by "host them"? If they are checked into the repo, yes we will be "hosting" them on GitHub and developers would be able to access them through links that appear on the README as well as links from the readthedocs. They will not need to clone anything. They will click on the link that points to one of these docs, and the doc .html page will appear for the appropriate class, object, or interface.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2016, 1:43:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> I agree with Chris.  I think we should like at finding a markdown
 > plugin and generating markdown docs we can add to readthedocs
 > and/or a Github wiki if we need a place to store the latest for a
 > non-release version.

Again, per my comment above, if we check these in they will be accessible from other places within the documentation. Furthermore, we are currently in the process of separating out the Node sdk into a separate repo and will be reworking the process of generating the docs themselves and updating them in that new repo. So I am not sure if it's worth putting in any more effort into this at this point, just to get these auto-generated docs to show up on our links. Right now, all the links to these auto-generated docs are broken and if the developer wants to see them they MUST regenerate them locally. If these are checked in, they can just see them in their browser. We are not going to be making any other major changes to this version of the SDK code, as all new changes will be going into the new SDK repo. So these docs will not be changing much in the future.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2016, 2:23:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> > I agree with Chris.  I think we should like at finding a markdown
 > > plugin and generating markdown docs we can add to readthedocs
 > > and/or a Github wiki if we need a place to store the latest for a
 > > non-release version.
 > 
 > Again, per my comment above, if we check these in they will be
 > accessible from other places within the documentation. Furthermore,
 > we are currently in the process of separating out the Node sdk into
 > a separate repo and will be reworking the process of generating the
 > docs themselves and updating them in that new repo. So I am not
 > sure if it's worth putting in any more effort into this at this
 > point, just to get these auto-generated docs to show up on our
 > links. Right now, all the links to these auto-generated docs are
 > broken and if the developer wants to see them they MUST regenerate
 > them locally. If these are checked in, they can just see them in
 > their browser. We are not going to be making any other major
 > changes to this version of the SDK code, as all new changes will be
 > going into the new SDK repo. So these docs will not be changing
 > much in the future.

Actually, that isn't the case unless you make the links to the raw content and even then I am not sure it works as you might expect. No, what we need to do is have the html hosted from a real web server, and generated as an function of the build so that they are in synch. If we check in the html, there is the chance that they will get out of synch.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/19/2016, 4:15:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Actually, that isn't the case unless you make the links to the raw
 > content and even then I am not sure it works as you might expect.
 > No, what we need to do is have the html hosted from a real web
 > server, and generated as an function of the build so that they are
 > in synch. If we check in the html, there is the chance that they
 > will get out of synch.

OK, then at this time I will remove any existing links to the auto-generated documentation as this will not be fixed immediately. And this issue will be revisited once we migrate to the new SDK repository.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/20/2016, 4:44:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Abandoning this patch set, as the auto-generated documentation will be handled as a part of the build process.</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:34:59 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [2527e004c88bd2b5c57352927eb1bf7a8febbc0f](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/2527e004c88bd2b5c57352927eb1bf7a8febbc0f)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:54:00 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Anna Derbakova - adderbak@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:37:53 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [193cce1dba51c44804ff9a3a8b724197dc4d139f](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/193cce1dba51c44804ff9a3a8b724197dc4d139f)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/16/2016, 8:50:55 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:56:39 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/18/2016, 5:35:33 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Bret Harrison - beharrison@nc.rr.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/15/2016, 6:42:23 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Caroline Daughtrey - cdaughtr@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/16/2016, 3:46:15 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>