<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 945<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Update links to gmock 1.7.0 to ensure protobuf builds successfully.<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/7/2016, 4:27:52 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 9/21/2016, 7:56:29 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Update links to gmock 1.7.0 to ensure protobuf builds successfully.

Fixes FAB-309

Change-Id: I704b50f8791db37c467db18009d83943578fb29b
Signed-off-by: Srirama Sharma <sriramsh@in.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/7/2016, 4:27:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/7/2016, 4:28:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/993/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/7/2016, 5:46:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/993/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/7/2016, 7:06:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/8/2016, 6:59:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

what Greg said</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/8/2016, 8:54:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hello Srirama,

I have submitted and merged #807 (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/807). Can you please take another look at this Changeset against the latest master (and kindly tell us if you believe that is still relevant, or so?)

Thank you.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/10/2016, 12:03:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)

Hi Jonathan,

This latest fix https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/807 also doesn't fix the issue. I will soon be posting an updated patch with latest release of gmock that got released couple of days back.

Thanks,
Srirama

 > Hello Srirama,
 > 
 > I have submitted and merged #807 (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/807).
 > Can you please take another look at this Changeset against the
 > latest master (and kindly tell us if you believe that is still
 > relevant, or so?)
 > 
 > Thank you.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/10/2016, 2:40:36 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Srirama, 991 fixed this with an upgrade to 3.0.2. Hence, this is no longer needed.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 9/21/2016, 7:56:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Abandoning this patchset as this has already been taken care of in 991</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 9/7/2016, 4:27:52 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [3d7b87fca756b5449afdcb631b778058129e2c80](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/3d7b87fca756b5449afdcb631b778058129e2c80)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 9/7/2016, 5:46:10 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L109](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3d7b87fca756b5449afdcb631b778058129e2c80/images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L109)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Do we have an idea why this suddenly broke?

Should we just commit gmock-link.patch to the local repo rather than pulling down a potentially fragile URL?

Will this problem go away with the v3.0.0 official release that is in queue to merge?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srirama Sharma - sriramsh@in.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L109](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3d7b87fca756b5449afdcb631b778058129e2c80/images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L109)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This seems to be breaking when we don't have locally built fabric base images or no base images @ dockerhub to pull from.

I checked it with the latest patch where protobuf is upgradepd to 3.0.0 (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/807) and still see the issue.

Right approach would be to get the latest tarball of gmock 3.0 once above fix is backported to the 3.0 release branch. 
Looks like the latest version 3.0.2 (that got release couple of days back) has the fix in. Will verify and update with new patchset.</pre></blockquote>