<strong>Project</strong>: cello</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 32567<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [CE-653] Support K8S agent with operator-framework<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:12:09 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 8/9/2019, 5:47:29 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[CE-653] Support K8S agent with operator-framework

Initial commit for the operator, adds apis for ca first.
Others such as peer and orderer will follow in future
patchset

Signed-off-by: Manank Patni <manank321@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Tong Li <litong01@us.ibm.com>
Co-Authored-By: Tong Li <litong01@us.ibm.com>
Change-Id: I9a1ebe1309ffc69f99befda7296574d0e72ea919
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:12:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:12:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1227/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:19:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:19:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1228/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:20:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1227/ : ABORTED

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/1227</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:40:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1228/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/1228</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/30/2019, 2:45:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

Good progress. Please fix the following issues:

1. Use the name operator instead of k8s-operator-framework
2. The appVersion should be peer.fabric.hyperledger.org instead of app.example.com
3. Use statefulset instead of creating PVC and PODS separately
4. Missing service for each resource.

Basically, in your Reconcile method, create statefulset and service, you currently create pvc and pods. There are two problems with doing that, 1), your pod will be in a failing state before your pvc is up running. 2), pods can not be serving any request directly.

Please use the following command to bootstrap the operator:

1. operator-sdk new operator
2. operator-sdk add api --api-version=peer.fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=FabricPeer
3. operator-sdk add controller --api-version=peer.fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=FabricPeer

Please follow the same pattern to create peer, orderer and ca. There is no need to create PVCs. In future patches, we can add configmaps etc.

Thanks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/30/2019, 3:12:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1
> 
> Good progress. Please fix the following issues:
> 
> 1. Use the name operator instead of k8s-operator-framework
> 2. The appVersion should be peer.fabric.hyperledger.org instead of app.example.com
> 3. Use statefulset instead of creating PVC and PODS separately
> 4. Missing service for each resource.
> 
> Basically, in your Reconcile method, create statefulset and service, you currently create pvc and pods. There are two problems with doing that, 1), your pod will be in a failing state before your pvc is up running. 2), pods can not be serving any request directly.
> 
> Please use the following command to bootstrap the operator:
> 
> 1. operator-sdk new operator
> 2. operator-sdk add api --api-version=fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=Peer
> 3. operator-sdk add controller --api-version=fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=Peer
> 
> Please follow the same pattern to create peer, orderer and ca. There is no need to create PVCs. In future patches, we can add configmaps etc.
> 
> Thanks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/30/2019, 3:12:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2:
> 
> > Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1
> > 
> > Good progress. Please fix the following issues:
> > 
> > 1. Use the name operator instead of k8s-operator-framework
> > 2. The appVersion should be peer.fabric.hyperledger.org instead of app.example.com
> > 3. Use statefulset instead of creating PVC and PODS separately
> > 4. Missing service for each resource.
> > 
> > Basically, in your Reconcile method, create statefulset and service, you currently create pvc and pods. There are two problems with doing that, 1), your pod will be in a failing state before your pvc is up running. 2), pods can not be serving any request directly.
> > 
> > Please use the following command to bootstrap the operator:
> > 
> > 1. operator-sdk new operator & cd operator
> > 2. operator-sdk add api --api-version=fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=Peer
> > 3. operator-sdk add controller --api-version=fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=Peer
> > 
> > Please follow the same pattern to create peer, orderer and ca. There is no need to create PVCs. In future patches, we can add configmaps etc.
> > 
> > Thanks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 7/31/2019, 3:32:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1
> 
> Good progress. Please fix the following issues:
> 
> 1. Use the name operator instead of k8s-operator-framework
> 2. The appVersion should be peer.fabric.hyperledger.org instead of app.example.com
> 3. Use statefulset instead of creating PVC and PODS separately
> 4. Missing service for each resource.
> 
> Basically, in your Reconcile method, create statefulset and service, you currently create pvc and pods. There are two problems with doing that, 1), your pod will be in a failing state before your pvc is up running. 2), pods can not be serving any request directly.
> 
> Please use the following command to bootstrap the operator:
> 
> 1. operator-sdk new operator
> 2. operator-sdk add api --api-version=peer.fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=FabricPeer
> 3. operator-sdk add controller --api-version=peer.fabric.hyperledger.org/v1alpha1 --kind=FabricPeer
> 
> Please follow the same pattern to create peer, orderer and ca. There is no need to create PVCs. In future patches, we can add configmaps etc.
> 
> Thanks.

Thanks for the review. I will change the version as well as the name of the operator. The operator currently doesn't create PVC it checks if the PVC given with the config file exists or not and if it does, the pod is booted up and a service is created for that pod. If there is no such PVC as given the pods never even gets created. Although, I will see the implementation of stateful set if that's a better methodology

Also, I am not able to get the services part. Currently, my controller make one service for each pod. What are we looking for, is it one pod for each container?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/5/2019, 8:46:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Manake, let me create a CA operator first, then you can see how it works.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:08:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:12:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1248/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:15:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:16:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:17:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1248/ : ABORTED

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/1248</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:17:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1249/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:19:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Manake, please take a look at the latest patch set (Patch set 5), I have re-engineered quite bit of the code. Using stateful set, services, etc. The ca is now in a shape that you can use to create a ca node. I will be continuing improve it next couple of days. You can use this as an example to add peer or orderer.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:21:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Manake, I have also noticed that your patch set did not include content
in build directory. That was due to the .gitignore in the parent directory.
At this point, we can not really change the parent .gitignore, so you
will have to use git add -f to manually add files in the build. Without
adding them, we can not build the operator.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:40:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1249/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/1249</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/7/2019, 3:23:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

> Patch Set 5:
> 
> Manake, I have also noticed that your patch set did not include content
> in build directory. That was due to the .gitignore in the parent directory.
> At this point, we can not really change the parent .gitignore, so you
> will have to use git add -f to manually add files in the build. Without
> adding them, we can not build the operator.

Sure</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/8/2019, 4:37:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/8/2019, 4:42:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1250/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/8/2019, 5:05:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/cello-verify-x86_64/1250/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/cello-verify-x86_64/1250</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/8/2019, 10:18:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/8/2019, 10:46:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/9/2019, 5:47:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by tong  li</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1564456329<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [212e37e0b3d086e2e370cd20dab4f1305dd4f7af](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/212e37e0b3d086e2e370cd20dab4f1305dd4f7af)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:20:24 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manank Patni - manank321@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1564456769<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [ab7d8a8b04f264294bc730766d495bb93eb693cb](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/ab7d8a8b04f264294bc730766d495bb93eb693cb)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/29/2019, 11:40:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 7/30/2019, 2:45:20 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1565183312<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [f3d1da910db83773e2086909e0c575259b99d832](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/f3d1da910db83773e2086909e0c575259b99d832)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:17:03 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1565183725<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [89e8ddb0b9559855afdda6f21c9242fdb8910547](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/89e8ddb0b9559855afdda6f21c9242fdb8910547)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/7/2019, 9:40:15 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1565183797<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [6bd38fd70cd5074b16664ab9330a950d1ce7e63e](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/6bd38fd70cd5074b16664ab9330a950d1ce7e63e)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1565296647<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [661248667cc204b2d08e136ec05630a1d50bc46a](https://github.com/hyperledger/cello/commit/661248667cc204b2d08e136ec05630a1d50bc46a)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/8/2019, 5:05:18 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/8/2019, 10:46:45 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: tong  li - litong01@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/8/2019, 10:18:56 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: tong  li<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 8/9/2019, 5:47:29 AM<br><br></blockquote>