<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: v0.6<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1655<br><strong>Subject</strong>: xnode-sdk: Test Updates for supporting TLS<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:03:41 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:35:43 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>xnode-sdk: Test Updates for supporting TLS

changes required to test the fix for Fabric FAB-392
re-enable ACA+TLS unit test for node-sdk
Updated getOptsFromOpts() in hfs.ts
Updated eventHub setPeerAddr() in hfs.ts
Added new tests:
   ../test/unit/member-api.js
   ../test/unit/getChain.js

Change-Id: I3a1ad9a3f887720426ecd68de6bc4d1953f05eaf
Signed-off-by: Allen Bailey <eabailey@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:03:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:05:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/604/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:07:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

@anya -- these changes will require publishing a new 0.6.3 npm module
1) changes to hfc.ts
   getOptsFromOpts() previously used the GRPCOptions passed
   in by the caller, but  performed a delete on the contents
   of that object prior to returning. Consequently, the next
   call, using the original object allocated by the caller,
   fails because the obect is empty.  Changed getOptsFromOpts()
   to operate on a copy of the GRPCOptions, thereby preserving
   the caller's data.


2) Ported changes from eventHub that were in master,
   but not in v0.6. setPeerAddr() needs to be updated
   to use the mechanism exploiting the new getOptsFromOpts()
   interface.  This is required to support the use of TLS
   since the GRPCOptions are used to pass the certificate and
   hostname override that is need by both membersrvc's listeners,
   as well as the new TLS client added by Change 1607 in
   support of FAB-392.

3) updated all tests that used events to work with TLS.
   Previously the call to setPeerAddr did not account for
   a TLS-enabled environment. Since the unit tests run
   both TLS and non-TLS, we need to make a check to see if
   we should use grpc, or grpcs. Furthermore, we need to
   pass the certificate if using TLS.

   @pat. Ideally, I would like to put this in test-utils.js,
   adding a default eventHub. However, there may be ramifcations
   of doing this that I can't forsee. As a matter of fact,
   when I attempted this, at least one of the other tests
   failed. Said failure might even be a valid issue (or
   it might be attributed to my misuse of the mechanism),
   I'm not not sure. I didn't have time to fully investigate.

4) Added new tests:
   ../test/unit/member-api.js
   ../test/unit/getChain.js

5) Updated run-unit-test.sh
   1.  Incorporated environment variables in support of new TLS
   client feature, where appropriate:
     export MEMBERSRVC_CA_SECURITY_TLS_ENABLED="true"
     export MEMBERSRVC_CA_SECURITY_SERVERHOSTOVERRIDE='tlsca'
     export MEMBERSRVC_CA_SECURITY_CLIENT_CERT_FILE=$SDK_CA_CERT_FILE
   These correspond to the TLS configuration parameters in the
   membersrvc.yaml file.

   2. Updated the case statement to account for
      event-tests.js
      getChain.js
      member-api.js

   3. Updated the pre-processing for event-tests.js

   4. Set the CGO* flags, without which the native
       build failed:
      export CGO_CFLAGS="-I/opt/rocksdb/include"
      export CGO_LDFLAGS="-L/opt/rocksdb -lrocksdb -lstdc++ -lm -lz -lbz2 -lsnappy"

   5. Fixed a couple of typos.

6) membersrvc/membersrvc.yaml
   Deleted the defaults that turn TLS on. This is dangerous.
   Moreover, membersrvc panics if it can't find the named cert file.

***************************************

Changes that I had to make locally that I did *not* check in:

a) core/chaincode/handler.go
   All of the tests were working on the master branch,
   but one of them failed on v0.6. I tracked down the
   difference to the above file. When I dropped the
   entire file in -- wholesale -- into my v0.6 branch,
   the tests passed. I am entirely unwilling to make
   this sweeping change without any grasp of what this
   would mean. However, without this change, event-tests.js
   fails. This (related?) log message is cut:
18:30:34.264 [chaincode] processStream -> ERRO 296 Error handling chaincode support stream: stream error: code = 1 desc = "context canceled"
   Until it is diagnosed, perhaps the event-tests.js should be skipped?

b) hfc.ts/hfc.js
   The dynamic tagging of the baseimage file has never worked for me.
   when running fabric natively, or running fabric in a docker swarm,
   I have always had to add the x86 tag. In my test environment, I
   have a script that dynamically grabs the current build tagname
   from docker hub and stream edits the node/lib/hfc.js file:

   // Compose the Dockerfile commands
   var dockerFileContents = "from hyperledger/fabric-baseimage:x86_64-0.1.0" + "\n" +

   Apparently, this is not an issue in BMX and HSBN. I assume it also
   works in vagrant, or someone would have surely complained.
   Since eliminating the need for the vagrant environment is a stated
   objective, I'm not sure how to fix this in a way that works universally.

Lastly there may be some internal TLS connections that are still suspect.
Even though all of the tests are passing (with the necessary modifcations
as outlined above), the occasional appearence of this message is troubling:
   grpc: Server.Serve failed to complete security handshake from "127.0.0.1:34234": EOF</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:10:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

what is the JIRA for this change to v0.6?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:18:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1704/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:19:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/1/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:22:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

@chris

These were the changes required to test the fix for
    FabricFAB-392 - ACA combined with TLS fails</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:23:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> @chris
 > 
 > These were the changes required to test the fix for
 > FabricFAB-392 - ACA combined with TLS fails

please update the commit message accordingly, thanks</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:25:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:43:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/606/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:45:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1706/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:55:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/2/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 1:11:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/1/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/604/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1704/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 1:50:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/606/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/2/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1706/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 2:01:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 2:03:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/608/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 2:04:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1708/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 2:06:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/3/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 3:08:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/3/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/608/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1708/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:26:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:28:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

updated getOptsFromOpts() in sdk/node/src/hfc.ts with alternative to "Object.assign()"</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:28:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/615/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:28:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1715/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:29:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/6/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 5:21:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review-1

I am still getting failures:
Set up chain prerequisites
ok 1 Successfully got WebAppAdmin member
ok 2 Successfully enrolled WebAppAdmin member
ok 3 Successfully stored client token
ok 4 Successfully registered and enrolled WebApp_user1
ok 5 Successfully stored client token
# Deploy a chaincode by enrolled user
not ok 6 Failed to deploy chaincode: request={"fcn":"init","args":[],"chaincodePath":"github.com/eventsender/"}, error="timed out waiting for transaction to complete"
 ---
   operator: fail
   at: TransactionContext.<anonymous> (/opt/gopath/src/github.com/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/node/test/unit/event-tests.js:217:11)
 ...
finished eventsender
END running event-tests
*******  event-tests.js failed!  *******

[5:11]  
so, not ready to merge yet


cbf [4:55 PM]  
chain-tests failed

[4:55]  
# Add valid peer URLs to the chain
not ok 5 Could not add peer to the chain with URL starting with grpc://
 ---
   operator: fail
   at: Test.<anonymous> (/opt/gopath/src/github.com/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js:262:14)
 ...
not ok 6 Could not add peer to the chain with URL starting with GRPC://
 ---
   operator: fail
   at: Test.<anonymous> (/opt/gopath/src/github.com/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js:262:14)
 ...
not ok 7 Could not add peer to the chain with URL starting with grpcs://
 ---
   operator: fail
   at: Test.<anonymous> (/opt/gopath/src/github.com/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js:262:14)
 ...
not ok 8 Could not add peer to the chain with URL starting with GRPCS://
 ---
   operator: fail
   at: Test.<anonymous> (/opt/gopath/src/github.com/hyperledger/fabric/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js:262:14)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 7:02:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 7:06:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

@Chris

Modified chain-tests.js to include 'encoding' on a fs.readFileSync() call 

 > > @chris
 > >
 > > These were the changes required to test the fix for
 > > FabricFAB-392 - ACA combined with TLS fails
 > 
 > please update the commit message accordingly, thanks</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 8:03:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/7/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 8:03:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1718/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 8:48:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/618/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/10/2016, 9:22:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/7/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1718/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/618/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 2:12:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 3:21:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1732/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 3:21:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/9/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 3:21:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/632/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 4:22:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/9/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1732/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/632/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 5:31:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2

(9 comments)

Thank you Allen, LGTM. I appreciate how much work was put into this!

Just to (re)clarify, whenever I "+2" an issue while still add comments/suggestions - it means that they are all optional (as far as I'm concerned).

In general: Such a combination (of a +2 with comments/suggestions) It basically means that I am totally fine with somebody else merging this patchset "as is". At the same time, you are very welcome to address these, in whole or in part, of course and I'll update the next patchset to a +2. In particular: other than the licensing suggestion, these are really minor!

Thank you, J</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 6:12:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Published edit on patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 6:13:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1736/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 6:14:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/11/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 6:16:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/636/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 7:10:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/11/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1736/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/636/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/11/2016, 11:00:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+1

I've had the entire changeset running successfully locally. The changes to hfc.ts are 1) "marshalling" opts object without using Object.assign() which requires a late version of node.js; 2) merging changes by Pat Mullaney in 1391 (in master). Both look good. The other changes are all related to adding runs of existing tests with TLS enabled and they ran successfully. So overall LGTM.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 9:31:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 9:46:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review-2

I think we need to wait for https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1607/  first?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/12/2016, 9:47:01 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

once https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1607/ is merged I'll +2 this one</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 10:37:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Code-Review+2

Gari, yes, definitely. This should be merged after 1607.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 11:40:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

(1 comment)

There was a request that Ash and I squash 1655 and 1607 into a single commit. I have Ash's changes sitting in my local repo and will incorporate his recent updates when complete.

So do I still need to do that, or are we OK with 1607/1665 merged separately and in that order?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:43:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 8.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:44:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1777/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:45:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/30/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:48:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/676/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:02:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 9: Published edit on patch set 8.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:49:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 9:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1780/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:50:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/30/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1777/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/676/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:50:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 9:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/31/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:51:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 9:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/679/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/13/2016, 6:42:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 9: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/31/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/679/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1780/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 4:23:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10: Patch Set 9 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 4:25:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1827/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 4:25:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/60/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 4:26:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/726/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 5:26:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1827/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/60/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/726/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 5:53:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 5:55:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1828/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 5:55:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/61/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 6:19:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:14:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10: Code-Review+2

Ran locally - all seemed to work.  LGTM</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10: Verified+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Jonathan Levi</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

CI is broken but this passed earlier and locally</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:35:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 10:

For the record, despite a known and reported CI issue [Hyperledger Helpdesk #31550] from today, we wanted to move on and release cut off the v0.6 branch.

A few of us ran all the tests locally and they succeeded, specifically we chose to merge this patchset per Gari's note on this gerrit item and given the results that we have triple-checked and posted on the #fabric-sdk channel.

- muralisr [4:46PM] node unit tests pass in 1655 
- jonathanlevi [5:07 PM] Sat Oct 15 23:52:43 UTC 2016 UT tests PASSED
   (that is, the node sdk tests PASSED for me)
- ramesh [5:16 PM]  Sun Oct 16 00:16:05 UTC 2016 UT tests PASSED

... which is merged to the v0.6 branch prior to creating the "v0.6.1-preview Release" (via https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1411).

* time is quoted in PDT</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:03:41 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [324959faa691dc475f5a118d85627a4ed6582723](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/324959faa691dc475f5a118d85627a4ed6582723)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:10:50 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 1:11:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 12:25:39 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [7de50eea49a1d23662bc2084898e46c7c50f890f](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/7de50eea49a1d23662bc2084898e46c7c50f890f)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 1:50:50 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 2:01:41 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [c9b774c895948cac85676024f326a50291618759](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/c9b774c895948cac85676024f326a50291618759)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 3:08:19 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 4:26:39 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [aeb50138788c4d83c4b6bf13d854b80276c3c370](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/aeb50138788c4d83c4b6bf13d854b80276c3c370)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 5:21:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/10/2016, 7:02:29 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [d2e665b559b0a3b105ca2761e2277cd1fa288ecf](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/d2e665b559b0a3b105ca2761e2277cd1fa288ecf)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/10/2016, 9:22:50 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/11/2016, 2:12:29 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/11/2016, 4:22:18 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/11/2016, 5:31:30 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/bin/run-unit-tests.sh#L216](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/bin/run-unit-tests.sh#L216)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Might be heavy, but "I hear you" - it's better to have the verbosity...</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/bin/run-unit-tests.sh#L216](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/bin/run-unit-tests.sh#L216)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This is mainly out of experience...it's never there when you need it. membersrcv log in particular is unusably quiet otherwise.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L134](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L134)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Do we need these commented out lines?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L136](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L136)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Do we need these commented out lines?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L142](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L142)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Do we need these commented out lines?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L148](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L148)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>It's devMode() + Not sure we need this. I won't recommend a nice VIM plug-in that highlights which function one is hovering on... just saying, though I'm fine keeping it in case it helps.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L186](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/chain-tests.js#L186)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Same here: do we need the commented out code (here, and below...) ?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/member-api.js#L78](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/member-api.js#L78)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Not a biggy (yet not needed).</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/registrar.js#L191](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/registrar.js#L191)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I don't know if you want to be consistent with the other 'endings' and have the 
// * registerThenEnroll() *
or so?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [sdk/node/test/unit/test-util.js#L2](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/6b73b3cfec07bba1e053672d59f12d2df10aa0ba/sdk/node/test/unit/test-util.js#L2)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>While I'm not a legal expert and I'm not taking sides here - I believe it might be better (for IBM) in this case to state:

"Copyright IBM Corp. 2016 All Rights Reserved."</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 7</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/11/2016, 6:12:19 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [3c9fe375fc8042309f4cce44b6ce0b5e0c119fdd](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/3c9fe375fc8042309f4cce44b6ce0b5e0c119fdd)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/11/2016, 7:10:04 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/13/2016, 10:37:55 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 9:46:34 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jim Zhang - jim_the_matrix@hotmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/11/2016, 11:00:08 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 8</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/13/2016, 4:43:13 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [cc7d28824505204ad47908c1eebaf0f944a98e89](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/cc7d28824505204ad47908c1eebaf0f944a98e89)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:50:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 9:46:34 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 9</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/13/2016, 5:02:54 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [f131ef1891cfd0149ffee7e1276f38270d513d9d](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/f131ef1891cfd0149ffee7e1276f38270d513d9d)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/13/2016, 6:42:17 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/12/2016, 9:46:34 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 10</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Allen Bailey - eabailey@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/15/2016, 4:23:02 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [7123f77dd2855ea36817099a14eb9a07c8265910](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/7123f77dd2855ea36817099a14eb9a07c8265910)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:33 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA)<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:39 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:15:37 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/15/2016, 8:14:45 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>