<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: v0.6<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1763<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Resurect s390x hyperledger build<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/14/2016, 8:07:16 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 10/18/2016, 12:02:16 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Resurect s390x hyperledger build

This might be a controversial set of changes so I want to get it
out for comments

- switching s390x base image to debian for some unexplained legal reasons
  This does not affect common sections of setup and very minimally affect
  The s390x sections (mainly
- added IBM Java to s390x and ppcle
- javaenv patches. Things now compile, but there are GRPC errors to
  investigate (~"wrong frame size, expected 1024")
- Gradle support seems very dependent on specific versions. This is the
  Third attempt, and I decided to keep as close to current versions as
  possible.
- Added (partial) support for PPC and s390x in gradle via a dirty patch
  (since needed to keep the same version)
- Increased timeouts for several behave tests. At the time, my weak VM
  could not take it. Am getting a more powerful machine, but test cases
  should not depend on machine performance so much regardless, so keeping
  the 'fix'.
- 'Hack' chaintool too work in IBM java; -Xbootclasspath does not take
  executable jars. Need to work something out that uses -Xshareclasses on
  IBM Java conditionally

Change-Id: I27199ee7c48c5f94742d3a5ce79c4e0821aac5ba
Signed-off-by: Volodymyr Paprotski <vpaprots@ca.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 8:07:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 8:24:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1818/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 8:28:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/51/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 8:33:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/717/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 9:29:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 9:35:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/717/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1818/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-node-sdk-x86_64/51/ : SUCCESS (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/14/2016, 11:11:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gong Su - gong_su@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 12:26:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gong Su - gong_su@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/15/2016, 12:33:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/17/2016, 11:02:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gong Su - gong_su@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/17/2016, 11:20:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/17/2016, 1:01:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

There is way too much here as several problems are trying to be resolved.   
1) I understand the move to Debian - can you break this part out into its own request?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/17/2016, 1:03:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

2) if you are still getting GRPC errors, why would we want to check this in?
3) how much do we really care about Java chaincode support for Power and Z at this point on the v0.6 branch?   Seems like we are risking a lot for minimal reward</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/17/2016, 1:55:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> 2) if you are still getting GRPC errors, why would we want to check
 > this in?
 > 3) how much do we really care about Java chaincode support for
 > Power and Z at this point on the v0.6 branch?   Seems like we are
 > risking a lot for minimal reward


1. It is a single line of code:
-DOCKER_BASE_s390x=s390x/ubuntu:xenial
+DOCKER_BASE_s390x=s390x/debian:jessie

This seemed like a trivial enough change that I included it in a single changeset.

2. Well.. not sure what you are suggesting here. Why would anyone check in a partial fix? The java code now compiles, isnt that something to check in? There are at least four or five people now on z that have been re-inveinventing this fix, I am hoping to short-circuit that waste of effort.

3. Hmm, I figured since javaenv is in the code, its something for us to try and get working. p/z working are just as important..</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/18/2016, 2:03:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

> 2) if you are still getting GRPC errors, why would we want to check
 > this in?
 > 3) how much do we really care about Java chaincode support for
 > Power and Z at this point on the v0.6 branch?   Seems like we are
 > risking a lot for minimal reward

AFAIK we agreed that Java chaincode did NOT need to be in ANY of the images for P and Z at this time.

Agree that this needs to be broken up into digestible and working chunks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/18/2016, 12:02:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Since two people agree, abandoning change set.

Since 0.6 has been cut, not sure if there is any value of me attempting to deliver this any longer.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/18/2016, 12:02:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/14/2016, 8:07:16 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/18/2016, 2:03:06 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/14/2016, 9:35:56 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/17/2016, 1:01:25 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gong Su - gong_su@hotmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L86](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L86)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Install JDK 1.8 on Debian is very simple. You just need sid repo. This is the patch I use myself locally:

-add-apt-repository ppa:openjdk-r/ppa -y
+if [ x$MACHINE = xs390x ]
+then
+    add-apt-repository 'deb http://httpredir.debian.org/debian sid main'
+else
+    add-apt-repository ppa:openjdk-r/ppa -y
+fi

That's all you need.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L86](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/base/scripts/common/setup.sh#L86)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>- There is an IBM Java team for IBM platforms
- Openjdk on z does not have a JIT</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Was this version chosen for a reason?  I think the rest of v0.6 is using protobuf v3.0.2, fwiw</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This one caused me unending grief! As I might mentioned and you might remember.. Gong checked in some fixes (those fixes didnt make it in, but somebody's else same change did) hence the first cherry-pick below... 3.1.0 is EXACTLY what I want.. except.

Except it will not build with the grpc. In FACT. 3.0.0-beta-2 will build. 3.0.0-beta-3... will NOT! I found this conversation by the developers of gprc-java that confirm my experience https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/grpc-io/Ah_A6eROKqQ/0yA15PumPQAJ

That (and the two weeks I spent at trying to get different versions to match) made me decide that I want absolutely nothing to do with switching versions from under gradle! Whatever the gradle developers tested works.. Else, sky falls. This reminds me of trying to install RPMs before YUM was a thing... there was always one more dependency!</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gong Su - gong_su@hotmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Vlad, you don't need to compile gradle yourself. If you just use the gradlew wrapper that comes with grpc-java to build, i.e.,

	./gradlew -Pprotoc=/usr/bin/protoc grpc-compiler:install

You will see that it downloads gradle-2.10-bin.zip and the build will work. 

If you make compiling protobuf-3.0.0-beta-2 and grpc-java part of building an s390x openjdk:8 image, from which the javaenv image is built, then with minimal changes to core/chaincode/shim/java/build.gradle (3 lines) and no change to this file, you can build the javaenv docker image. I just did this on my local machine. I can work with you if you want more details.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I did try using the gradlew wrapper.. according to the gradle docs, one should never use system gradle, only the project wrapper. That does not work in this case. I get the error in the google groups discussion above: 
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/grpc-io/Ah_A6eROKqQ/0yA15PumPQAJ

javanano_use_deprecated_package not found

I am certain you've seen that error and patched that code to not call that function, because the patch I had from you comments out that call! I decided to use the matching version instead.

About your second suggestion.. making s390x/openjdk:8 ... err.. openjdk as in the Oracle product? I think the lawyers will fire me on the spot if I do that!

What we should be thinking here is to use Greg's baseimage for java shim instead and install all the dependencies there, that's what its for.

I would rather that be in a separate set of changes, since it affects far more then just z</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gong Su - gong_su@hotmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/c42bd1a41372e15eaaabbf9538c8ff47ca158374/images/javaenv/Dockerfile.in#L19)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>That's weird. Like I said, I used the gradlew that comes with grpc-java. When I ran ./gradlew ... it just downloads gradle-2.10-bin.zip and everything worked.
As for the openjdk:8 image, what I thought is that maybe Greg can make another image for s390x that has protoc and protoc-gen-grpc-java preinstalled. And javaenv image can start from that. I have to say that I don't know much about all these legal stuff involved. My suggestion is purely technical.</pre></blockquote>