<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: feature/convergence<br><strong>ID</strong>: 1865<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Enable running CouchDB in devenv<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:03:05 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 10/26/2016, 1:31:55 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Enable running CouchDB in devenv

FAB-729

1. Port 5984 forwarded from VM to host.
2. `couchdb` script added in devenv/tools/bin to start
    and stop couchdb.

Change-Id: I830b6914422bf6e3d7ffbc7b8fffc8ad736d1f7b
Signed-off-by: Luis Sanchez <sanchezl@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:03:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:04:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/778/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:05:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1881/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:38:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/778/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1881/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 2:19:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

This belongs in the baseimage, as compiling source is too expensive for JITing at vagrant up, leading to poor user experience and wasted time.  Suggest porting the couchdb.sh script to the scripts/devenv under fabric-baseimage.git and we can fold this into a future release, such as v0.2.1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 2:38:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

The initial idea was to have an intermediate step to get couchDB into the devenv in order to facilitate people working with it.  We do not at this time want it in the production base images.  Going forward how couchDB would be used would determine how the base image would be built, how it's base image would be incorporated into other images and any updates to this script.  Also any solution needs to keep in mind that the database used will be pluggable and configurable.   With that in ind do we still want to port to the fabric base image?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 3:41:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

This failure has been seen in other change sets.  Per those comments the failure seems to occur independent of this patch, and is being tracked here: https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-755</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 3:42:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> The initial idea was to have an intermediate step to get couchDB
 > into the devenv in order to facilitate people working with it.  We
 > do not at this time want it in the production base images.  Going
 > forward how couchDB would be used would determine how the base
 > image would be built, how it's base image would be incorporated
 > into other images and any updates to this script.  Also any
 > solution needs to keep in mind that the database used will be
 > pluggable and configurable.   With that in ind do we still want to
 > port to the fabric base image?

There really is no logical distinction: The baseimage is effectively just a cache to make the devenv provision faster.  If this is an optional/fringe component, it might not belong in any mainstream repository.  If it is not optional/fringe, the decision to place it in baseimage vs Vagrantfile should be made based on how painful it is to install.  Generally speaking, anything that has to be built from source is almost certainly most appropriate for the baseimage.  In some cases, even installing the packages can be expensive (see JRE) and therefore we move those components to baseimage as well.

Therefore, based on your comments, I am even more hesitant to approve this change to the Vagrantfile:  feature/convergence is on the verge of being merged out to master.  This would mean that _every_ user has to suffer the delay of compiling couchdb in order to work with the code.  If there truly is a small userbase expected, a better alternative might be to use this approach, but in a way such that only those who care are impacted (such as a branch, or optional script those users may invoke, environment variable, etc).

One of the goals of the new baseimage pipeline is to make modifications to the baseimage as painless and frictionless as possible so that it's practically as easy to modify as the Vagrantfile.  If you decide that this is broadly applicable enough for general availability, I hope that you find that it is fairly straight forward to get your changes integrated in this manner.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/19/2016, 3:51:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

BTW: is there a specific reason we are installing couch from src rather than from the ubuntu packages?  FWIW, we are on the cusp of releasing baseimage v0.2.0 which upgrades to ubuntu 16.04, in case that matters/helps.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 6:58:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hi Greg, two questions:

1) Instead of installing CouchDB directly into baseimage would it make sense to install CouchDB into its own docker and then include that docker into baseimage?  So that they can be maintained separately?

2) Who could help us understand test approach at a high level - from unit test to bdd to gerrit verification test to system test, and under which environment each operates.  Specifically would CouchDB installed into baseimage (either directly or indirectly as above) support ALL of these test activities?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 8:17:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Hi Greg, two questions:
 > 
 > 1) Instead of installing CouchDB directly into baseimage would it
 > make sense to install CouchDB into its own docker and then include
 > that docker into baseimage?  So that they can be maintained
 > separately?

If running it from docker is acceptable, that works for me.

Question: what would we need to maintain it ourselves?  It seems there are numerous options on dockerhub, such as:

https://hub.docker.com/r/klaemo/couchdb/

 > 
 > 2) Who could help us understand test approach at a high level -
 > from unit test to bdd to gerrit verification test to system test,
 > and under which environment each operates.  Specifically would
 > CouchDB installed into baseimage (either directly or indirectly as
 > above) support ALL of these test activities?

Right now, the gerrit/travis environments work off of a different "baseimage" of their own.  This needs to change IMO, but thats how it is today.  So, a change of his nature, regardless of whether it is in the baseimage or scripts/provision needs CI support to be added.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/20/2016, 11:05:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Redoing looking at docker images.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/21/2016, 4:44:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/21/2016, 4:46:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/834/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/21/2016, 4:50:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1937/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/21/2016, 5:31:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

-1 until a windows user confirms this isnt a problem, then LGTM.  Thank you Luis.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/21/2016, 6:04:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/834/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/1937/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/24/2016, 1:34:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

This commit was ported to 'master' branch, see:
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1935/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/26/2016, 1:31:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

Ported to Master.  Replaced with 
https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/1935</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:03:05 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 25881c1b77b7c11d8c6e614c50613ff63cf1fd68<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/19/2016, 1:38:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/19/2016, 2:19:18 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Luis Sanchez - luiss@me.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 10/21/2016, 4:44:40 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: cd5ae7b04953713eb349f81a5d33382c6706f947<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/21/2016, 6:04:24 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 10/21/2016, 5:31:52 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>