<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-cop<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3907<br><strong>Subject</strong>: COP Client Configuration File<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:31:08 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/19/2017, 7:39:18 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>COP Client Configuration File

COP client will now make use of a configuration file. This will
simply the CLI commands on the client side. An environment
variable needs to be defined that will reference the config file.

export COP_CLIENT_CONFIG = ../testdata/cop_client.json

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1622

Also, resolves absolute pathing on the client side.

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1549

Change-Id: I985ed5744eb8baef2c40ebedb3b1e0abf0fc1696
Signed-off-by: Saad Karim <skarim@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:31:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:32:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/309/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:40:41 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/309/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 12:02:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 12:03:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/310/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 12:11:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/310/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 1:24:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 1:25:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/313/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 1:34:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/313/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 4:30:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review-1

(16 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:18:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(15 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:18:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:19:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/8/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:19:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/324/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:24:39 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/11/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:27:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/8/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/11/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/324/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 12:46:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 2:11:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed the following votes:

* Verified-1 by Hyperledger Jobbuilder <jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 2:11:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 3:58:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 4:10:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> (1 comment)

That was the initial approach we wanted to go with as well. However, our CLI commands are built upon CFSSL's CLI implementation, so if we use -config flag there is CFSSL logic that checks for and requires that the config file contain a signing component. The signing component makes sense on the server side but not so much on the client, so that is why decided to go with the environment variable route.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 2:39:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review-1

>> That was the initial approach we wanted to go with as well. 
[JL] Good!

>> However, our CLI commands are built upon CFSSL's CLI implementation, so if we use -config flag there is CFSSL logic that checks for and requires that the config file contain a signing component. 
[JL] I don't understand how is this an issue?? I understand that there is a CFSSL logic that requires a signing component in the config. OK.

>> The signing component makes sense on the server side but not so much on the client, so that is why decided to go with the environment variable route.

[JL] OK, so the server is signing requests. Good. Let's say the client does not. OK.

Now what I'm missing is the connection/relation to the review suggestion/request, that is:

How does the fact that "the server is signing requests" and/or that "the config needs to have a signing component" are an answer to "why do we have to use an environment variable and not a program argument for specifying such a config?"</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 2:41:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

[Maybe] Are we suggesting that the server and the client require different configs? (server with a signing component, and client, without one)?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 5:04:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

I guess what I am going after here is a consistent way of doing things for config across both the client and the server.   

One thing that I had not considered is the fact that the "client" can be embedded as a library so in that case I can see using an env variable</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 10:31:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> [Maybe] Are we suggesting that the server and the client require
 > different configs? (server with a signing component, and client,
 > without one)?

Yes, that is right. It doesn't make sense to include a signing component on the client side config, as the server does the signing.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 10:32:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> I guess what I am going after here is a consistent way of doing
 > things for config across both the client and the server.
Right this would have been the ideal way. But, CFSSL -config option did not allow the flexibility to not include signing component in the configuration file that you pass into this flag.

 > One thing that I had not considered is the fact that the "client"
 > can be embedded as a library so in that case I can see using an env
 > variable</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 7:39:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1484238668<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 59b3e71301ff8362de2b21d8f65f57a47eb6a38b<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1484240527<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 6da488368f49f2ce106035c83c6f6480d0b912f8<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1484245457<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 8bd6b2fcdc18e1728b8e8b8520e1d19ec52403ce<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/12/2017, 4:30:45 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Saad Karim - skarim@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1484583536<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: c2685e1a11f523d9fa284416ec251e9196ce8300<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/17/2017, 2:39:40 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/16/2017, 12:46:00 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/16/2017, 3:58:07 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/16/2017, 2:11:34 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>