<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-sdk-node<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 16401<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-7478] Support e2e integration PKCS11 keys<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:25:25 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/27/2018, 6:57:31 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-7478] Support e2e integration PKCS11 keys

These changes provide support for running the end-to-end integration test
using PKCS11 private keys in an HSM.

* The bccsp pkcs11 was modified to support how the client calls
  the CryptoSuite to provide support for the e2e integration test.
* The unit test util was modified to load keys from the CryptoSuite using
  GetKey calculating the SKI from cert if configured for using pkcs11 keys.
* The Client was modified to accept pkcs11 keys.
* A script was added for generating private keys/certificates for the
  Admin users (genAdminPkcs11.sh).
* A README was added with instructions on how to run the e2e integration
  test using private keys in an HSM.

Change-Id: Icf5d4260ec3bbc53ca07529fb379673724a7f7a3
Signed-off-by: Jonathan Patchell <Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:25:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:25:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node6-verify-s390x/37/ (1/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:25:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node8-verify-s390x/71/ (2/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:25:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node6-verify-x86_64/252/ (3/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:29:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node-vulnerable-tests-x86_64/166/ (4/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:29:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node8-verify-x86_64/244/ (5/5)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:48:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node6-verify-s390x/37/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-node6-verify-s390x/37

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node6-verify-x86_64/252/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-node6-verify-x86_64/252

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node-vulnerable-tests-x86_64/166/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-node-vulnerable-tests-x86_64/166

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node8-verify-s390x/71/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-node8-verify-s390x/71

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-sdk-node8-verify-x86_64/244/ : SUCCESS

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-sdk-node8-verify-x86_64/244</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dave Kelsey - d_kelsey@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/2/2018, 8:15:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

The Common Connection Profile support in the Node-sdk should handle the configuration details required for HSM support.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/2/2018, 1:49:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)

Dave, I agree that this should be configurable via the connection profile, but should be done in a separate change set.  I've opened https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-7578 for this.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dave Kelsey - d_kelsey@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/4/2018, 10:50:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)

Had a problem using the node sdk to enroll a user from the fabric-ca using softhsm 2.0.0. The change discussed here certainly fixed the problem I saw with mismatch of ski's but don't know if it's real impact.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Antonio Vassell - antoniovassell@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/4/2018, 3:27:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (2 comments)
 > 
 > Had a problem using the node sdk to enroll a user from the
 > fabric-ca using softhsm 2.0.0. The change discussed here certainly
 > fixed the problem I saw with mismatch of ski's but don't know if
 > it's real impact.

Hey, trying to run this change set e2e test with an hsm (both hsm and softHSM). I am getting mostly CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN errors.

Just an opinion, I am thinking CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN shouldn't be a fatal error, if thrown by the pkcs11 library it could be caught and continue execution. In general, I am not able to execute the test cases. Can anyone else do this?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/8/2018, 4:46:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(3 comments)

> > (2 comments)
 > >
 > > Had a problem using the node sdk to enroll a user from the
 > > fabric-ca using softhsm 2.0.0. The change discussed here
 > certainly
 > > fixed the problem I saw with mismatch of ski's but don't know if
 > > it's real impact.
 > 
 > Hey, trying to run this change set e2e test with an hsm (both hsm
 > and softHSM). I am getting mostly CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN
 > errors.
 > 
 > Just an opinion, I am thinking CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN shouldn't
 > be a fatal error, if thrown by the pkcs11 library it could be
 > caught and continue execution. In general, I am not able to execute
 > the test cases. Can anyone else do this?
One solution might be to call C_GetSessionInfo and check to see if the state is CKS_RW_USER_FUNCTIONS.  If it is then the C_Login call could be skipped and avoid the CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN error.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/9/2018, 1:52:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/9/2018, 2:11:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/9/2018, 11:39:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2018, 7:28:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (2 comments)

So it's still possible to achieve both things, Vlad.  (but be aware that we also need to backport this change and we cannot break existing interface on a backport).

What we could do is instead of adding pkcs11key as an option, we can simply keep the two pairs of options we have today and then add an additional option which is a keystore / parameters for a key store (or something like that)

My only point was that we can't overload the existing parameter to represent 2 different types</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2018, 12:36:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

My major concern is the inability to write code that works whether I'm using an HSM or not without having to add if/then/else logic.
Secondarily, I don't see why allowing a parm to be recognized as an additional type causes backwards compatibility issues.  What am I missing?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 6:35:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> My major concern is the inability to write code that works whether
 > I'm using an HSM or not without having to add if/then/else logic.
 > Secondarily, I don't see why allowing a parm to be recognized as an
 > additional type causes backwards compatibility issues.  What am I
 > missing?

Changing the signature is what I was referring to since the current signature assumes passing in an opts structure

And just because JavaScript is not strongly typed does not mean which should take advantage of that.  It is NOT a best practice to do so</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 7:53:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

We  need to split this CR into two different CRs:
- pkcs11 fixes
- we can decide if we want to modify the createUser method s it is not required in order to use pkcs11
- lastly we can decide if we want to add pkcs11 tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/13/2018, 9:17:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

I suggest we abandon this one for now.
Please see https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/16819 which just contains the pkcs11 implementation changes</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dave Kelsey - d_kelsey@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/22/2018, 3:49:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

For createUser is there a need to pass in a value to pkcs11key ? The code used by the e2e test cases which I replicated for composer is this
                let publicKey = KEYUTIL.getKey(publicCert);
                let ecdsakey = new ecdsaKey(publicKey);
                cryptoContent.pkcs11Key = await client.getCryptoSuite().getKey(Buffer.from(ecdsakey.getSKI(), 'hex'));
But it looks to me like this is boilerplate code that could be done within the node-sdk itself and all that needs to be passed in is the public cert when pkcs#11 cryptosuite is being used ?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Dave Kelsey - d_kelsey@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/22/2018, 3:52:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

On a further note, the issue regarding CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN. I got around around this by caching the cryptosuite and reusing the same cryptosuite across client instances. That is only required when using the pkcs#11 cryptosuite but probably would work with the other cryptosuite (so long as you want to use the same directory for storage).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/22/2018, 4:28:12 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> For createUser is there a need to pass in a value to pkcs11key ?
 > The code used by the e2e test cases which I replicated for composer
 > is this
 > let publicKey = KEYUTIL.getKey(publicCert);
 > let ecdsakey = new ecdsaKey(publicKey);
 > cryptoContent.pkcs11Key = await client.getCryptoSuite().getKey(Buffer.from(ecdsakey.getSKI(),
 > 'hex'));
 > But it looks to me like this is boilerplate code that could be done
 > within the node-sdk itself and all that needs to be passed in is
 > the public cert when pkcs#11 cryptosuite is being used ?

The bottom line is that in order to use an existing PCKS11 key, we need the SKI.  That's how all of the pkcs11 code works.  If we add conditional logic in createUser, then this is not an issue as all you need is the X509 public cert and you need the cryptosuite to be set to hsm/pkcs11

I was also thinking that perhaps we should allow you to pass in the SKI as an opt as well.  

For v1.0.x, we can't change anything external but we can add additionals fileds to opts and/or conditional logic in createUser

I tend to think we should allow the SKI to be a parameters on opts and derive it if it is not there</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/22/2018, 5:17:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> On a further note, the issue regarding CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN.
 > I got around around this by caching the cryptosuite and reusing the
 > same cryptosuite across client instances. That is only required
 > when using the pkcs#11 cryptosuite but probably would work with the
 > other cryptosuite (so long as you want to use the same directory
 > for storage).

One way to work around the CKR_USER_ALREADY_LOGGED_IN issue would be to check the state of the session before logging in and only call C_Login if the session isn't already logged in.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/22/2018, 5:31:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > For createUser is there a need to pass in a value to pkcs11key ?
 > > The code used by the e2e test cases which I replicated for
 > composer
 > > is this
 > > let publicKey = KEYUTIL.getKey(publicCert);
 > > let ecdsakey = new ecdsaKey(publicKey);
 > > cryptoContent.pkcs11Key = await client.getCryptoSuite().getKey(Buffer.from(ecdsakey.getSKI(),
 > > 'hex'));
 > > But it looks to me like this is boilerplate code that could be
 > done
 > > within the node-sdk itself and all that needs to be passed in is
 > > the public cert when pkcs#11 cryptosuite is being used ?
 > 
 > The bottom line is that in order to use an existing PCKS11 key, we
 > need the SKI.  That's how all of the pkcs11 code works.  If we add
 > conditional logic in createUser, then this is not an issue as all
 > you need is the X509 public cert and you need the cryptosuite to be
 > set to hsm/pkcs11
 > 
 > I was also thinking that perhaps we should allow you to pass in the
 > SKI as an opt as well.
 > 
 > For v1.0.x, we can't change anything external but we can add
 > additionals fileds to opts and/or conditional logic in createUser
 > 
 > I tend to think we should allow the SKI to be a parameters on opts
 > and derive it if it is not there

What about if a certificate is passed to createUser but no private key is given, then the SKI is determined from the cert and passed to the getKey method of the CryptoSuite to get the private key?  This could be handled using the same code but the code could be moved to Client.js.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/27/2018, 6:57:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

split into other CRs</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:25:25 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/commit/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/21/2017, 1:48:14 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/9/2018, 1:52:20 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/13/2018, 9:17:16 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/9/2018, 11:39:11 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Do we really need a separate pkcsllKey field?  I thought the privateKey field could be a PKCS11 key and be interpreted appropriately by the bccsp_pkcs11 implementation of the crypto module.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The issue with the privateKey field is that it is passed to readFile on line 1622.  This will fail when passing in a PKCS11 key for privateKey.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>IMO, we really want folks to be able to write portable code which can work both on pkcs11 and non-pkcs11, but this API does not allow them to do so.  The private key should always be opaque from an API perspective, whether pkcs11 or non-pkcs11.  The BCCSP API in fabric accomplishes this.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I looked at this.  We clearly define two pairs of parameters which can currently be attached to opts  (one pair for paths to files and one pair for the actual PEM content of files).  This is defined in the API.
Whether right or not, we can't break this API and we should not have a single parameter representing two different types (even though JS supports it).  So adding a different option parameter makes the most sense here but we also need to document it as well.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/Client.js#L1591)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Hmm. The golang implementation of this lives in the keystore. The interface is `Key = CryptoSuite.getKey(SKI)`

There are two opposing views on this and this has always caused some grief on the golang side:
- Currently, SW CryptoSuite is the most frequently used. "Make common case friendly" = generate private sw pem with openssl, point fabric at this pem
- Make CryptoSuite abstract API, concept of a Key (and its loading/generation) up to the specific implementation.

Currently JS has the first 'friendly' implementation. I really rather want arbitrary CryptoSuite support.

My 'cleaner' vote would be to move this into the cryptosuite keystore implementation. CryptoSuite is supposed to be the Crypto abstraction, yet here we are hardcoding just two CryptoSuites. Though if I understand Gari's point, that ship has sailed.

So my more practical suggestion would be is the fabric-ca way, which is perhaps the best balance (but also more code/complicated). Fabric-ca asks CryptoSuite for (in order)
1) a private key that matches specified public key (i.e. import public key, get SKI, fetch matching private key)
2) if that fails, go back to 'SW' behaviour.

(For reference https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-ca/blob/release/lib/ca.go#L200-L241 )</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Dave Kelsey - d_kelsey@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/impl/bccsp_pkcs11.js#L218](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/impl/bccsp_pkcs11.js#L218)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>revised version as mentioned in my other comment
	_fixEcpt(ecpt) {
		if ((ecpt.length & 1) == 0 &&
		    (ecpt[0] == 0x04) && (ecpt[ecpt.length-1] == 0x04))
		{
			console.log(__func() +
				    'workaround opencryptoki EC point wrong length: ' +
				    ecpt.length);
			ecpt = ecpt.slice(0, ecpt.length-1);
		} else if (ecpt[0] == 0x04 && ecpt[2] == 0x04) {
			console.log('trimming leading 0x04 0xXX', ecpt);
			ecpt = ecpt.slice(2);
			console.log(ecpt);
		}

		return ecpt;
	}</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/impl/bccsp_pkcs11.js#L218](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/impl/bccsp_pkcs11.js#L218)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The change you propose makes sense.  Good catch!  I will update the _fixEcpt function and remove the slice in pkcs11_key.js.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Dave Kelsey - d_kelsey@uk.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/impl/ecdsa/pkcs11_key.js#L107](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/impl/ecdsa/pkcs11_key.js#L107)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>should there be slicing being done here to the ecpt ? I was having failures using softhsm 2.0.0 with the node sdk trying to request a cert from the fabric-ca where the cert didn't have the correct ski that was stored in the hsm. If I comment this slice out but fix the ecpt at the point it is created in the bccsp_pkcs11.js _fixEcpt method then that fixes the problem. I was paste the code change I made in a comment as well</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jonathan Patchell - Jonathan.Patchell@gemalto.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [fabric-client/lib/impl/ecdsa/pkcs11_key.js#L107](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/fabric-client/lib/impl/ecdsa/pkcs11_key.js#L107)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I will remove the slice and make the change to _fixEcpt.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [test/unit/util.js#L180](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-sdk-node/blob/1c22196edf75ab310d8f45048b76972f9bb9b9c1/test/unit/util.js#L180)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This probably also applies to my previous comment about abstracted by CryptoSuite rather then hardcoded to just two CryptoSuites.</pre></blockquote>