<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-ca<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 4397<br><strong>Subject</strong>: COP BCCSP integration<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/7/2017, 9:56:08 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/20/2017, 7:23:47 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>COP BCCSP integration

This is the first step of integrating BCCSP into COP.
One of the purposes is to provide HSM support.

In particular, this change set:
1) Adds the lib/csp package which support BCCSP configuration
2) Uses lib/csp to initialize BCCSP in the COP server

The next step will be use the BCCSP for:
1) authorization header sign and verification
2) tcerts including key derivation

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1461

Change-Id: Icdc286118fe2c61d907046e8083e318fd85e5e77
Signed-off-by: Keith Smith <bksmith@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 9:56:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 9:57:41 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/268/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:03:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:06:41 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/269/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:06:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/268/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:16:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/269/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 8:08:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 8:09:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/270/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 8:17:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/270/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/8/2017, 10:10:43 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-2

Could you document the planned high-level design in the JIRA please (or point us to a design if it exists somewhere)?

For example, it's not clear to me how you plan to plug this into the cfssl universal signer? Or whether you intend to replace it?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/8/2017, 1:28:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Gari, I updated https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1461 with a bit more design info, and also pasted it below.  Let me know if this is clear or not.

This will be plugged into CFSSL as follows:
1) Implement the 'localSignerCheck' function based on BCCSP. See 'localSignerCheck' in cfssl/signer/universal/universal.go.
See 'bccspBackedSigner' at https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/3679/6/cli/server/bccspsigner.go for an implementation of this.
2) A small change in CFSSL's universal.go to allow COP to prepend bccspBackedSigner to the 'localSignerList'.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 12:19:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 12:20:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 12:20:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/299/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 1:05:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/299/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 4:41:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4: Patch Set 3 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 4:43:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/301/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/10/2017, 5:01:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/301/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2017, 11:14:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Thinking more about this, I guess I am really trying to understand why we need to use BCCSP at all?  From a signing perspective, combining CFSSL with the LetsEncrypt pkcs11key package would give us HSM support.   Perhaps it might need to be slightly extended if we want to do encryption using the HSM as well as signing</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Volodymyr Paprotski - vpaprots@ca.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2017, 11:46:01 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Gari: I did some searching into the claim that CFSSL supports PKCS11. The CFSSL docs think that PKCS11 is supported, but that is not true. Tag 1.1.0 was almost there (would had been close enough for us I guess) but it appears it never was completely true:

See https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/issues/247
That one was opened against Tag 1.1.0
See https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/blob/1.1.0/signer/universal/universal.go#L66 how pkcs11key was inserted, which is what Keith submited back to CFSSL as pull request

Seems the pkcs11 support was almost there, except for the few holes pointed out by https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/issues/254

--------
In the CFSSL master branch and 1.2.0 tag, they went and completely stripped out pkcs11key from cfssl and moved it out to its own repo. Great. Except they also stripped the CLI HSM options, Config fields to specify HSM key-tags, ways to build Universal and OCSP signer out of crypto.Signer interface and probably a few more things that I forget.

In short, CFSSL has no support for pkcs11key
--------

Fine, why not put it back? Well. Here is what I thought is a good reason: if Fabric core is using BCCSP, shouldn't we try to keep things more uniform and use BCCSP everywhere? I am getting more and more requests for 'can we do this with that crypto library/algorithm' (i.e. FIPS and other regional requirements; requests to use this library or that library). The only scalable answer I see is to make crypto pluggable in the longer term. This is a step to that goal.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2017, 1:43:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Gari, another reason is that we already wanted to use BCCSP's key derivation for tcerts to consolidate fabric code, so using one crypto primitive package for everything in COP seems desirable.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ashutosh Kumar - ashutosh_kumar@hotmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/11/2017, 1:59:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Gari , I am just reiterating Vlad's point. The main reason I see for Cosolidation of crypto primitive at one place is for Compliance and Export Regulations perspective.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:33:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> Gari: I did some searching into the claim that CFSSL supports
 > PKCS11. The CFSSL docs think that PKCS11 is supported, but that is
 > not true. Tag 1.1.0 was almost there (would had been close enough
 > for us I guess) but it appears it never was completely true:
 > 
 > See https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/issues/247
 > That one was opened against Tag 1.1.0
 > See https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/blob/1.1.0/signer/universal/universal.go#L66
 > how pkcs11key was inserted, which is what Keith submited back to
 > CFSSL as pull request
 > 
 > Seems the pkcs11 support was almost there, except for the few holes
 > pointed out by https://github.com/cloudflare/cfssl/issues/254
 > 
 > --------
 > In the CFSSL master branch and 1.2.0 tag, they went and completely
 > stripped out pkcs11key from cfssl and moved it out to its own repo.
 > Great. Except they also stripped the CLI HSM options, Config fields
 > to specify HSM key-tags, ways to build Universal and OCSP signer
 > out of crypto.Signer interface and probably a few more things that
 > I forget.
 > 
 > In short, CFSSL has no support for pkcs11key
 > --------
 > 
 > Fine, why not put it back? Well. Here is what I thought is a good
 > reason: if Fabric core is using BCCSP, shouldn't we try to keep
 > things more uniform and use BCCSP everywhere? I am getting more and
 > more requests for 'can we do this with that crypto
 > library/algorithm' (i.e. FIPS and other regional requirements;
 > requests to use this library or that library). The only scalable
 > answer I see is to make crypto pluggable in the longer term. This
 > is a step to that goal.

I'll just say that LetsEncrypt gets this to work.  But that's all I'll say there</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:36:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: -Code-Review

> Gari, another reason is that we already wanted to use BCCSP's key
 > derivation for tcerts to consolidate fabric code, so using one
 > crypto primitive package for everything in COP seems desirable.

Right - but key derivation has nothing to do with HSM integration - that's my only point.  And part of the idea is reducing the amount of custom code.  Perhaps its fine to do something like pkcs11key which wraps up BCCSP.  I just don't want to see us changing the CFSSL signing code (which at the end of the day is using the crypto.Signer interface</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:38:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review-2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/12/2017, 1:31:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Gari, I wasn't saying that key derivation has anything to do with HSM.  That is one reason for separating BCCSP integration and HSM into separate change sets.  This is the change set for allowing BCCSP to used for any purpose at all by COP.  I think the real question pertaining to this change set is, should we use BCCSP in the COP server for any reason at all?  I think it was desirable to minimally use the key derivation function in BCCSP for TCerts rather than maintaining two sets of code which do the same thing, in bccsp and what is currently in lib/tcert/tcert.go, which BTW still has hard-coded values in for specific algorithm/key size.  So instead of generalizing that code, I wanted to just use BCCSP.

I know this doesn't apply to Vlad's change set, but just wanted to limit it to this change set.

Thanks</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:42:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:42:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/12/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:42:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/15/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:44:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/328/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:51:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/12/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/15/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/328/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:47:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:47:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/26/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:47:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/22/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:48:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/338/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:53:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 7: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:53:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/27/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:53:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/23/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:55:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/22/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/26/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/338/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:56:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/339/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/17/2017, 8:04:21 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 7: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-ppc64le/23/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-s390x/27/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-cop-verify-x86_64/339/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ry Jones - ry@linux.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/18/2017, 10:18:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Imported from http://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/3735</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 9:38:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 8.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 9:38:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-verify-ppc64le/2/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 9:38:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-verify-s390x/2/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 11:26:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: -Code-Review</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 1:15:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-verify-x86_64/2/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 1:24:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-verify-s390x/2/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-verify-ppc64le/2/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-verify-x86_64/2/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 12:23:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: Code-Review+2

I think we have a path forward.  let's make sure that we discuss the next steps in terms of where we want to use this first</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 5:11:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8: Code-Review+2

Fair enough.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 5:12:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Jonathan Levi</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 5:12:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-merge-s390x/4/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 5:12:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-merge-x86_64/4/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 7:18:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-merge-ppc64le/4/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 7:23:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 8:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-merge-s390x/4/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-merge-ppc64le/4/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-ca-merge-x86_64/4/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/7/2017, 9:56:08 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [628090574b6cc95d0929a3be774745f0a6ddb2b9](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/628090574b6cc95d0929a3be774745f0a6ddb2b9)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:03:06 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [d86f18ff345a72728c4621c613f3a577ecf2dfe0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/d86f18ff345a72728c4621c613f3a577ecf2dfe0)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/10/2017, 12:19:27 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [32c2e7ca505266c9d6a304c324478d8dc72e37c8](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/32c2e7ca505266c9d6a304c324478d8dc72e37c8)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/10/2017, 4:41:44 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [25faa0255a9dba19c002ad49446b739caa8357f8](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/25faa0255a9dba19c002ad49446b739caa8357f8)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/16/2017, 11:42:07 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [621a5f18b1380a6980aa5e39ec4c27a515b48dd5](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/621a5f18b1380a6980aa5e39ec4c27a515b48dd5)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:47:24 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [e3e6edfb37498ad0fe91a52bf1cd2ff6d4476e2d](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/e3e6edfb37498ad0fe91a52bf1cd2ff6d4476e2d)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 7</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/17/2017, 7:53:04 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [84c6551b48ebb9112bde2051c54a18dbf28c387e](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/84c6551b48ebb9112bde2051c54a18dbf28c387e)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/17/2017, 8:04:21 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/12/2017, 11:38:23 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 8</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/19/2017, 9:38:15 AM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [606fbdcffa283ff889e36207d4fb4af1408ac1db](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric-ca/commit/606fbdcffa283ff889e36207d4fb4af1408ac1db)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/19/2017, 1:24:56 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA) - jonathan@hacera.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/20/2017, 5:11:55 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Jonathan Levi (HACERA)<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 1/20/2017, 5:12:01 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/20/2017, 12:23:51 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>