<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 29055<br><strong>Subject</strong>: WIP: Adding support for REST-based MSP<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:16:56 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 4/19/2019, 5:36:45 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>WIP: Adding support for REST-based MSP

Adding REST as a new MSP type.

Change-Id: I399d940ada273673cb389b5a70107a9a76c53aae
Signed-off-by: Keith Smith <bksmith@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:16:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:19:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/9580/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:21:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:21:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

WIP - No Build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:22:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/9580/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/9580</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 6:34:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Could you help include the jira number, wanna understand more background, thanks!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 6:48:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

Is this going to be used strictly for clients? Because verifying a peer identity is going to stall commit and also impact gossip, etc.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 7:06:49 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 8:54:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 4:11:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 4:20:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/1/2019, 4:47:03 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

As an overall comment, I think we should consider a different approach, one where the indy verifier code/logic is moved into fabric, and the public parameters of the scheme are made available to fabric actors through the channel configuration.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/1/2019, 5:13:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> As an overall comment, I think we should consider a different approach, one where the indy verifier code/logic is moved into fabric, and the public parameters of the scheme are made available to fabric actors through the channel configuration.

I think this approach, even though seems natural and secure - is problematic from an operational point of view.

You'd have to constantly issue channel config updates every now and then, in order to synchronize the state between the Indy world and the Fabric world.

This would mean, that you need a bridge which is a single point of trust, and also has the ability to sign config updates (and satisfy the admin threshold policy...) - I don't see how this can be automated securely, given that you have different admins in different organizations, and config update signature is using an admin's key.

Let me suggest an alternative:

To my best understanding, all we seek here is simply to make peers and orderer nodes - authorize proposal responses via an RPC call to a remote endpoint. What stays intact is:
- Commit path
- Policy evaluation at channel config processing

Therefore, I'd say that as a first step - we introduce:

- A pluggable handler that can replace the CheckACL at the endorser
https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/release-1.4/core/endorser/endorser.go#L75 and can be loaded via the already existing peer plugin infrastructure in https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/release-1.4/core/handlers/library/registry.go .
The default plugin would be the existing Fabric checkACL method, and one would be able to change the plugin via static configuration, to a plugin that detects if it's an Indy proof, and if it is - asks the REST service, or if it's not - dispatches the existing Fabric plugin.

- In the orderer, such a behavior doesn't exist at the moment, and we could either introduce a pluggable authentication module similar to the peer, or as a short term solution, one could always write a chaincode that receives as input from the user - a marshaled transaction that is not signed, and does nothing (just returns the input) and an endorsement plugin that takes the input from the ProposalResponse bytes, unmarshals it to take the un-signed transaction, and then signs it itself using https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/release-1.4/core/handlers/endorsement/api/identities/identities.go and sends it to the orderer itself. 

This way, we change only the fabric's peripheral code and not the core, and still achieve our goal with the least (intrusive) changes to Fabric itself.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/1/2019, 5:14:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

the 3 first bullets should be aggregated into one.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/1/2019, 5:29:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> You'd have to constantly issue channel config updates every now and then, in order to synchronize the state between the Indy world and the Fabric world.

That is already true today for the X.509 MSP (CRLs) and idemix MSP (revocation info), and will be true no matter what, even if you go for your approach: you'll have to manage TLS certs to secure your endpoints and publish CRLs.

So, once we accept that no matter what we have to update the channel config with fresh, public validation information, (and there _should_ be nothing wrong with channel updates, on the contrary, we'd be using them for the right thing), then I still maintain that imho integrating the indy verifier in fabric is the superior option.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Angelo De Caro - adc@zurich.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/1/2019, 5:34:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I agree with Ale, the other approach seems more aligned to what we do already with fabric-ca. Anyway, let's have a JIRA item where to discuss all this :(</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/5/2019, 3:40:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

There is no golang indy SDK and creating one is a lot of work.
Also, a REST-based MSP is more extensible as it could be applied
to more than just indy.

Yacov suggested a hybrid MSP in which x509 is used for everything except authenticating clients, in which case a REST call could be made.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/5/2019, 3:48:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Baohua, there is no jira yet as I simply pushed this as a WIP for now to back up my prototype work.  The highlevel goal however is pretty simple.  

Alice has a verifiable credential in her Indy-based wallet, and she wants to use it to transact as a CLIENT on a Fabric channel.  The Indy SDK is not available in golang, so we want to make a REST call to another process likely running on the same host as each peer/orderer to perform CLIENT verification.  An Indy-based REST service could be implemented, and there would be requirements on the REST call to deterministically perform verification.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2019, 3:41:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2019, 3:50:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/9925/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2019, 3:51:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2019, 3:51:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

WIP - No Build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/8/2019, 3:52:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/9925/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/9925</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/19/2019, 5:36:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/30/2019, 2:16:56 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/30/2019, 6:48:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/1/2019, 4:47:03 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [msp/restmsp.go#L143](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859/msp/restmsp.go#L143)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Doesn't it mean that a client can send a transaction with fake endorsements pointing to the MSP ID of the REST MSP, and then all the peers would send rest requests to the REST server to validate the identity, and this would slow down the commit. In a way, this is a denial of service attack that is easily performed.

You can easily avoid this, if:

- The admin specifies an endorsement policy that only uses the PEER role type.
- You reverse the order of the Validate and the satisfiesPrincipal such that the latter fails-fast and the former doesn't happen.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Alessandro Sorniotti - ale.linux@sopit.net<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [msp/restmsp.go#L394](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859/msp/restmsp.go#L394)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Is this request carried out over a channel that guarantees integrity and data origin authentication? If not, the authentication is meaningless. If it is, how do we manage the crypto artefacts used to secure the channel?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [msp/restmsp.go#L400](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859/msp/restmsp.go#L400)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>So:

1) If the MSP is only used to verify clients, then we have no problem of a state fork in the peers, so why not return an error here?

2) If the MSP is also used to verify peers, then we have an inherent problem of state fork, since the verification isn't bound to the blockchain.

@Jason - can we have some issue in config transaction policy verification in the orderer that is based on different time of pull from kafka?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [msp/restmsp.go#L400](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859/msp/restmsp.go#L400)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>undefined</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [msp/restmsp.go#L400](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859/msp/restmsp.go#L400)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>> I don't follow this? The only time non-deterministic validation creates a state fork is in the transaction commit paths?

This is a REST based MSP. it uses REST calls to see if an identity is valid or not. 

> That being said, what you specifically addressed -- non-deterministic policy evaluation, I don't see any potential for. Maybe you see something that I am missing?

Because what if this REST call is dependent on time?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [msp/restmsp.go#L400](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/a97c440d1f0d16dfc863924b17caa697a2da1859/msp/restmsp.go#L400)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>> is also used to verify peers

This is the piece I was focusing on.  "Verify peers" implied to me we were discussing a connection from this peer to other peers.  If you meant "verify peers" to mean "verify endorsements from peers" then absolutely, there is a potential to cause a state fork if we do not panic.

> can we have some issue in config transaction policy verification in the orderer that is based on different time of pull from kafka?

If the MSP does not perform deterministic signature validation, then we generally have problems.  With Kafka, (and I hope, with Raft), I would expect for an orderer to panic if it is asked to commit a config block which does not validate (rather than fork).</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Keith Smith - keithsmithlfid@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 2/8/2019, 3:41:45 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [66898186463a7b65e4b44b315eb2fce914146925](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/66898186463a7b65e4b44b315eb2fce914146925)<br><br></blockquote>