<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 4579<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-1763 Rename **TEST_CHAINID** to test_chainid<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:10:25 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/20/2017, 4:29:28 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-1763 Rename **TEST_CHAINID** to test_chainid

Chainid becomes database name in CouchDB.

CouchDB naming conventions:

Only lowercase characters (a-z), digits (0-9), and any of the
characters _, $, (, ), +, -, and / are allowed. Must begin
with a letter.

Therefore, we either need to adopt these same restrictions for
chainid naming, or have a deterministic mapping of chainid to
a valid (and unique) CouchDB database name.

The complete fix will be delivered in FAB-1764.  In FAB-1763
we simply change '**TEST_CHAINID**' to 'test_chainid' in order
to unblock current failures.

Change-Id: Id274b37f5a07813b172db0e695ec803e63a09726
Signed-off-by: denyeart <enyeart@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:10:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:13:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5413/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:22:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:24:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5417/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:38:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5413/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 5:07:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/5417/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 6:02:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

I am a little worried about the game we are getting into here.  We already had an issue https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1349 about restricting chain IDs so we could pass them through to Kafka, but, if we take the intersection of all these restrictions, it seems like we could end up with an almost unusable set.

Maybe '*' is an unreasonable character, but for instance not allowing upper case seems a little too restrictive in my opinion.  What if we wanted to support a DB which required only upper case? At that point we would need to add this mapping regardless.  

Another notion I've seen suggested is to use fqdn type names for chainID, and it looks like '.' is not allowed in CouchDB, so it seems like we may need a mapping layer regardless.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 8:27:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 8:43:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Jason, I understand and appreciate the concern.  That's why we are not rushing to a conclusion just yet.  This changeset is simply to buy some time by changing the default of **TEST_CHAINID** to test_chainid to get things working right now, while we collectively think through the ultimate approach.

For the ultimate solution in the coming days, we will need some more dialog.  I expect we will have to settle on a combination of some limitations and some mapping.  For example we could document that chainids are case insensitive, giving the various components freedom to ToUpper() or ToLower() as needed, based on the specific component/impl (resolving your specific example of one component that requires uppers while another requires lowers).  Another example, we could document that chainids are 'special character insensitive', giving a component like the couch layer or kafka layer freedom to change all special characters in the chainid to underscores. These are just examples, we don't need to settle it for this temporary changeset fix.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/19/2017, 9:47:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2

> Jason, I understand and appreciate the concern.  That's why we are
 > not rushing to a conclusion just yet.  This changeset is simply to
 > buy some time by changing the default of **TEST_CHAINID** to
 > test_chainid to get things working right now, while we collectively
 > think through the ultimate approach.
 > 
 > For the ultimate solution in the coming days, we will need some
 > more dialog.  I expect we will have to settle on a combination of
 > some limitations and some mapping.  For example we could document
 > that chainids are case insensitive, giving the various components
 > freedom to ToUpper() or ToLower() as needed, based on the specific
 > component/impl (resolving your specific example of one component
 > that requires uppers while another requires lowers).  Another
 > example, we could document that chainids are 'special character
 > insensitive', giving a component like the couch layer or kafka
 > layer freedom to change all special characters in the chainid to
 > underscores. These are just examples, we don't need to settle it
 > for this temporary changeset fix.

Understood, makes sense, thanks Dave!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 3:45:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 3:45:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Gari Singh</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 3:49:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/812/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/20/2017, 4:29:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/812/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:10:25 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: f6cd9b1672cf7bcc2072e4f5012db3691e00d891<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:38:22 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/19/2017, 4:22:03 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [5bc52274a2271207dd0fd936ebbb725f73399597](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/5bc52274a2271207dd0fd936ebbb725f73399597)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/19/2017, 5:07:45 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/19/2017, 9:47:05 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Baohua Yang - yangbaohua@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/19/2017, 8:27:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/20/2017, 3:45:17 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Gari Singh<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 1/20/2017, 3:45:19 AM<br><br></blockquote>