<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-cli</br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 28987<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-13891] Create initial implementation using cobra<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<strong>Created</strong>: 1/28/2019, 4:56:46 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/11/2019, 11:42:10 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-13891] Create initial implementation using cobra

Created intial cli using cobra.  Examples of both built-in commands and plugins are provided.

Change-Id: Icc7f0a6b0dc09c21a30148c5f37ae65c746e8647
Signed-off-by: Brian Buchanan <bpbuch@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/28/2019, 4:56:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/29/2019, 9:48:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 7:30:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(23 comments)

Thanks for getting this started!

My biggest problem is with the name fabctl (of course! ;-). Why not sticking to fabric in accordance with the design doc? It's only one character longer, much easier to remember, and a lot less prone to typos. If you really want a shorter name I would go with fab but I think explicit names are better.

Otherwise, I don't see the point of having the directory cmd. I suggest moving factl (i.e. fabric ;-) one level up. The simpler the hierarchy the better.
The same is true for pkg. For what it's worth its generic name is an indication that it is not really meaningful.

Other comments inlined.

I like the general approach with the plugins.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 3:51:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 3:55:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> (23 comments)
 > 
 > Thanks for getting this started!
 > 
 > My biggest problem is with the name fabctl (of course! ;-). Why not
 > sticking to fabric in accordance with the design doc? It's only one
 > character longer, much easier to remember, and a lot less prone to
 > typos. If you really want a shorter name I would go with fab but I
 > think explicit names are better.
 > 
 > Otherwise, I don't see the point of having the directory cmd. I
 > suggest moving factl (i.e. fabric ;-) one level up. The simpler the
 > hierarchy the better.
 > The same is true for pkg. For what it's worth its generic name is
 > an indication that it is not really meaningful.
 > 
 > Other comments inlined.
 > 
 > I like the general approach with the plugins.

I am not biased toward any name.  I went ahead and switched it back to "fabric".

It is common practice with Golang to divide code into cmd and pkg directories.  Many open source projects follow this structure (https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 4:01:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/30/2019, 4:38:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(1 comment)

> > (23 comments)
 > >
 > > Thanks for getting this started!
 > >
 > > My biggest problem is with the name fabctl (of course! ;-). Why
 > not
 > > sticking to fabric in accordance with the design doc? It's only
 > one
 > > character longer, much easier to remember, and a lot less prone
 > to
 > > typos. If you really want a shorter name I would go with fab but
 > I
 > > think explicit names are better.
 > >
 > > Otherwise, I don't see the point of having the directory cmd. I
 > > suggest moving factl (i.e. fabric ;-) one level up. The simpler
 > the
 > > hierarchy the better.
 > > The same is true for pkg. For what it's worth its generic name is
 > > an indication that it is not really meaningful.
 > >
 > > Other comments inlined.
 > >
 > > I like the general approach with the plugins.
 > 
 > I am not biased toward any name.  I went ahead and switched it back
 > to "fabric".
 > 
 > It is common practice with Golang to divide code into cmd and pkg
 > directories.  Many open source projects follow this structure
 > (https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout).

If we assume there will only ever be one cli binary in this repo, I would suggest: "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/cmd" instead of "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/cmd/fabric" and "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/fabric".</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 2:40:44 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> (1 comment)
 > 
 > > > (23 comments)
 > > >
 > > > Thanks for getting this started!
 > > >
 > > > My biggest problem is with the name fabctl (of course! ;-). Why
 > > not
 > > > sticking to fabric in accordance with the design doc? It's only
 > > one
 > > > character longer, much easier to remember, and a lot less prone
 > > to
 > > > typos. If you really want a shorter name I would go with fab
 > but
 > > I
 > > > think explicit names are better.
 > > >
 > > > Otherwise, I don't see the point of having the directory cmd. I
 > > > suggest moving factl (i.e. fabric ;-) one level up. The simpler
 > > the
 > > > hierarchy the better.
 > > > The same is true for pkg. For what it's worth its generic name
 > is
 > > > an indication that it is not really meaningful.
 > > >
 > > > Other comments inlined.
 > > >
 > > > I like the general approach with the plugins.
 > >
 > > I am not biased toward any name.  I went ahead and switched it
 > back
 > > to "fabric".
 > >
 > > It is common practice with Golang to divide code into cmd and pkg
 > > directories.  Many open source projects follow this structure
 > > (https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout).
 > 
 > If we assume there will only ever be one cli binary in this repo, I
 > would suggest: "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/cmd" instead of
 > "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/cmd/fabric" and
 > "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/fabric".

Thanks for the pointer. I have seen this layout before but didn't know there was an effort to make it some kind of a standard. Fine then but, I like the idea of going with just cmd, instead of cmd/fabric. I don't expect to have more than one command, do you? 

And according to this "standard" pkg is supposed to hold stuff that can be used outside of the project. Do you think that's true for what we have in there?? It doesn't seem like it to me.

Other than that I'm good with where this is going. :-)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 9:42:42 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> > (1 comment)
 > >
 > > > > (23 comments)
 > > > >
 > > > > Thanks for getting this started!
 > > > >
 > > > > My biggest problem is with the name fabctl (of course! ;-).
 > Why
 > > > not
 > > > > sticking to fabric in accordance with the design doc? It's
 > only
 > > > one
 > > > > character longer, much easier to remember, and a lot less
 > prone
 > > > to
 > > > > typos. If you really want a shorter name I would go with fab
 > > but
 > > > I
 > > > > think explicit names are better.
 > > > >
 > > > > Otherwise, I don't see the point of having the directory cmd.
 > I
 > > > > suggest moving factl (i.e. fabric ;-) one level up. The
 > simpler
 > > > the
 > > > > hierarchy the better.
 > > > > The same is true for pkg. For what it's worth its generic
 > name
 > > is
 > > > > an indication that it is not really meaningful.
 > > > >
 > > > > Other comments inlined.
 > > > >
 > > > > I like the general approach with the plugins.
 > > >
 > > > I am not biased toward any name.  I went ahead and switched it
 > > back
 > > > to "fabric".
 > > >
 > > > It is common practice with Golang to divide code into cmd and
 > pkg
 > > > directories.  Many open source projects follow this structure
 > > > (https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout).
 > >
 > > If we assume there will only ever be one cli binary in this repo,
 > I
 > > would suggest: "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/cmd" instead of
 > > "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/cmd/fabric" and
 > > "github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/fabric".
 > 
 > Thanks for the pointer. I have seen this layout before but didn't
 > know there was an effort to make it some kind of a standard. Fine
 > then but, I like the idea of going with just cmd, instead of
 > cmd/fabric. I don't expect to have more than one command, do you?
 > 
 > And according to this "standard" pkg is supposed to hold stuff that
 > can be used outside of the project. Do you think that's true for
 > what we have in there?? It doesn't seem like it to me.
 > 
 > Other than that I'm good with where this is going. :-)

I absolutely think the packages in pkg should be able to be used outside of this project.  This would include utilities that plugins can take advantage of.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 10:09:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 10:20:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 10:21:36 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: -Code-Review

just checking to see the buttons on this repo.... going back to "0"</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 12:40:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

> just checking to see the buttons on this repo.... going back to "0"

What a teaser! :-)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:00:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2

I'm happy with where we landed. Thanks!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:12:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:12:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:14:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:17:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Just verified another +2 will make "Submit" show up.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/11/2019, 11:15:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/11/2019, 11:42:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Arnaud J Le Hors</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1548712606<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [2b984b971f1be9cfc1f281b8cc8f7f318a298239](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/2b984b971f1be9cfc1f281b8cc8f7f318a298239)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1548773308<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [550399ebb03f4438dcce4561549061023423ac7d](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/550399ebb03f4438dcce4561549061023423ac7d)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1548881511<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [1baa8b0d097f2d3c29a6be22a00c2ddc840e429e](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/1baa8b0d097f2d3c29a6be22a00c2ddc840e429e)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1548882095<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [993ff3ccd054dd3fac9a57bd7f035f3d0fd757cc](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/993ff3ccd054dd3fac9a57bd7f035f3d0fd757cc)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1548947377<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [4bb98981006055e24528504b025fc2c968ffdb0a](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/4bb98981006055e24528504b025fc2c968ffdb0a)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:00:30 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 2/11/2019, 11:42:10 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 2/11/2019, 11:15:04 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/31/2019, 1:12:22 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>