<strong>Project</strong>: fabric-cli<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 31454<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-15279] Split Profile to Network/Context<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 5/20/2019, 10:10:16 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 5/29/2019, 10:06:29 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-15279] Split Profile to Network/Context

Removed profile in favor of a network and context combination.  Decoupling the
the network configuration from the context allows for easier toggling between
contexts related to the same network.  Network is a direct reference to a SDK
config yaml.  Context is a container for parameters to be used when working
with the SDK clients.

Added config commands to drive network and context configuration.

Added global flags for changing home directory and current context.

Removed the package scoped functions used to create fabric clients.  Package
scoped functions introduce difficulties with testing.  Accessing clients
through the factory allows for mock replacements.

Created base commands to reduce redundancy between commands.  The base
commands are embedded in higher level commands.

Updated README with Getting Started instructions and Network/Context
descriptions.

Change-Id: I7dbafeef1f133cb3c64e9b25e2b274be920b4ab6
Signed-off-by: Brian Buchanan <bpbuch@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/20/2019, 10:10:16 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/20/2019, 2:19:40 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

First, let me say that I think this is a good move so you don't think the rest of my comments means I disagree with the direction. :-) But I do have a few highlevel comments I want to share from a first cursory review.

Is there any actual value in keeping the config command level? It seems to just lead to unnecessary typing to me. And it forces you to have longer subcommand names to disambiguate between context and network commands. I think it would be simpler to just separate the two groups and have: fabric context current|delete|list|set|use and fabric network delete|list|set

And I know you're trying to follow some emerging standard layout for the files hierarchy but I think "cmd/commands/command/base_command.go" exhibits some severe case of stuttering! That's literally 4 levels of variations on "command"...

Finally, it'd be great if you could develop a minimal doc as you go. You can probably just build on the README for now but we should have some minimal doc at least describing succinctly the series of commands one would typically go through. I'd love to be able to help with but I have to admit not to be completely sure how it's supposed to work at this point so it makes it difficult.
But, please, don't let my comments and questions discourage you! Thank you for keeping us moving forward.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/20/2019, 4:10:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Is there any actual value in keeping the config command level? It
 > seems to just lead to unnecessary typing to me. And it forces you
 > to have longer subcommand names to disambiguate between context and
 > network commands. I think it would be simpler to just separate the
 > two groups and have: fabric context current|delete|list|set|use and
 > fabric network delete|list|set
 
My thought process was that these commands are directly referencing and
manipulating the config file, but I can see the argument to separate them as
they are two different logical entities.  I will separate them.  In the future,
custom help text could help portray that they modify a config.

 > And I know you're trying to follow some emerging standard layout
 > for the files hierarchy but I think "cmd/commands/command/base_command.go"
 > exhibits some severe case of stuttering! That's literally 4 levels
 > of variations on "command"...

The stutter could be reduced a little by moving the base command package to be
a sibling of the commands package (`cmd/commands` and `cmd/command`) or
creating a common/util package.

 > Finally, it'd be great if you could develop a minimal doc as you
 > go. You can probably just build on the README for now but we should
 > have some minimal doc at least describing succinctly the series of
 > commands one would typically go through. I'd love to be able to
 > help with but I have to admit not to be completely sure how it's
 > supposed to work at this point so it makes it difficult.
 > But, please, don't let my comments and questions discourage you!
 > Thank you for keeping us moving forward.

Updating the README is a great idea.  I can see the confusion as a first time
user.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/20/2019, 5:01:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/20/2019, 5:02:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed reviewer Brian Buchanan.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/20/2019, 5:11:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/27/2019, 2:34:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(20 comments)

Thanks for the refactoring. This is definitely simpler. I got some question (my ignorance) and some comments embedded.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/28/2019, 12:27:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/28/2019, 12:28:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(17 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/28/2019, 2:09:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(9 comments)

Looking good. A few typos and a couple more suggestions.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/28/2019, 3:42:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/28/2019, 3:43:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(8 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Troy Ronda - troy@troyronda.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/28/2019, 5:24:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/29/2019, 8:32:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Verified+1

Looks good! I'll let you remove the extra spaces Troy found and will merge it.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/29/2019, 9:06:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 6.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Troy Ronda - troy@troyronda.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/29/2019, 9:11:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/29/2019, 10:05:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 6: Verified+1 Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/29/2019, 10:06:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Arnaud J Le Hors</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1558361416<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [7403a4ce08160f1c07a32e6b99e8c1eee66fff3f](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/7403a4ce08160f1c07a32e6b99e8c1eee66fff3f)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1558386064<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [fcf3c92430889fca558466a2d0434ddf1384d076](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/fcf3c92430889fca558466a2d0434ddf1384d076)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1558386697<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [3c98be5a735e10550464bb9aa725d2687e3b602e](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/3c98be5a735e10550464bb9aa725d2687e3b602e)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559060842<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [87613a00c7335cd3a20916b6dab77b9c4336c029](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/87613a00c7335cd3a20916b6dab77b9c4336c029)<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559072575<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [4ea7e750f85f1a9517250d9d82c944a3b3f4cab7](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/4ea7e750f85f1a9517250d9d82c944a3b3f4cab7)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/29/2019, 8:32:30 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Troy Ronda - troy@troyronda.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/28/2019, 5:24:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 6</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Brian Buchanan - bpbuch@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559135215<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [156d3edcec8d344bc40731b1d02a63fda905951e](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric-cli/commit/156d3edcec8d344bc40731b1d02a63fda905951e)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/29/2019, 10:05:49 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 5/29/2019, 10:06:29 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Arnaud J Le Hors - lehors@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/29/2019, 10:05:49 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Troy Ronda - troy@troyronda.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/29/2019, 9:11:58 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>