<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3713<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Dynamically add and remove client CAs to GRPCServer<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:48:59 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 1/7/2017, 2:34:38 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Dynamically add and remove client CAs to GRPCServer

This completes the work for handling mutual TLS by
adding two new methods to the GRPCServer object:

- AppendClientRootCAs
- RemoveClientRootCAs

These functions allow you to add/remove root
certificates used to verify client certificates
to a running instance of a GRPCServer

Had to refactor the internal structure in order to
deal with the way pointers work in Go in order for
this to work.

* patchset 2 added the JIRA entry to commit

* patchset 3 adds locking to make Append and/or
Remove mutually exclusive.  Given that these
should not be called too often, just went with
a stright mutex lock. Added test which passes
the race detector.  NOTE: there is still a
possible race condition (which will not crash
the process) between Append/Remove and the
the TLS server handling handshakes.  Will
address in future changeset if people think its
needed

Fixes FAB-1492

Change-Id: I600bff8a5aa448a1fe301c9397daca5bd31d367a
Signed-off-by: Gari Singh <gari.r.singh@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:48:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:50:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4740/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:53:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:57:11 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4741/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 7:41:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 7:52:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4740/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 7:53:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4741/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 8:15:43 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 9:07:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 11:49:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 12:56:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 2:37:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)

Will wait for response to the comment.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 2:48:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 4:10:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 5:06:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/6/2017, 8:28:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 4:47:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 5:35:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

(2 comments)

Giving myself a -1 as I'll add some locking</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:16:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:39:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:42:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4787/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 11:34:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4787/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 11:46:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 11:47:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4788/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 12:32:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4788/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 12:34:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

The fact that we can add/remove creds to a running server itself makes this worth its wait in gold IMHO. Thanks, Gari (and for helping me understand too).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 1:36:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 1:36:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Yacov Manevich</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 1:37:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/688/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 1/7/2017, 2:34:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/688/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:48:59 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [28ab3434c0266808696f5c43aa7767757d9a89df](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/28ab3434c0266808696f5c43aa7767757d9a89df)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/6/2017, 7:52:57 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/6/2017, 6:53:46 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/6/2017, 8:15:43 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/6/2017, 7:53:17 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/7/2017, 5:35:53 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Can this be accessed from different goroutines?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The Append / Remove functions are not threadsafe but there should not be any other concurrency issues as far as I know.  I debated whether or not to add locks for Append / Remove or whether to leave that up to the caller.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>But, can't these methods be invoked by at least 2 different goroutines?
1) The goroutine that fetches blocks from the ordering service
2) The goroutine that services the gRPC server and calls JoinChannel upon a channel creation.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Agreed that those would be the 2 cases.  So either I implement locks in these methods or one could implement a common function within the peer which would actually handle the lock.  

But I'm fine adding a locks here</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This is a server with Add/Remove called at prescribed times (at startup/teardown, etc). Which are likely serialized in some fashion in any case ... In fact I'd even think adding locks will give the impression that these methods can be called anytime from any go routine. If that's NOT the intended use, I'd rather leave this to the user to serialize based on the callers access pattern with comments on how these methods are intendend to be used. 

But there's the other side of the argument where these method are intended to be called at different times randomly ... in which case we need protection.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Why at startup/teardown? we need to update the TLS layer each time we add/remove a root CA cert of a foreign organization.
This happens whenever we consume a configuration block or get a JoinChannel message.

Perhaps I didn't understand correctly your comment, though.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Or I could be missing something...

I'm beginning to  agree with you, Yacov, and think adding the lock is safe (and is certainly not wrong).

But here is what I was struggling with FWIW and is probably worth clarifying ?

tlsConfig is the data in question. It is used to setup the server which is up and running and fielding connections. Would any changes to tlsConfig using the add/remove functions affect the running server or its connections ? If the answer is yes, then calling Add/Remove at any time is expected and should be protected with lock. If the answer is no, ie, Add/Remove have to be done in conjunction with server restart anyway, so we could potentially revisit organizing around that usage pattern.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>The lock protection is solely for concurrent map read and write.

It will not effect existing connections, it will only effect handshakes that occur in the future.

Another question one might ask is whether it is ok to replace the certPool of the tlsConfig object by replacing the pointer- will the TLS handshakes of the future use the new value or not even though no locking is being done, and also no use of the atomic package is done i.e line 269.
I think that it's ok because the value written would eventually be "seen" by all goroutines in the program, and future TLS connection goroutines that would spawn after will also see the new value as a result.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>"It will not effect existing connections, it will only effect handshakes that occur in the future."

I don't think updating  tlsConfig will have any effect on the running server - current or future connections (if true, it'd beg the question as to whether you'd really need to add/remove "on the fly"). But I've been known to be wrong :-)</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Why won't it have an effect? 
And we need this ability of dynamic removal and addition, otherwise you'll have to shutdown the gRPC server each time you have to update the root CA pool. 

That's also the reason Gari does:
creds := credentials.NewTLS(grpcServer.tlsConfig)
So he can update the creds passed to the gRPC server's constructor by simply updating its own field tlsConfig.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I'll add in some lock protection, some tests and see how it goes</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>So the code does actually change the config of a running server.  If you look at the Add/Remove tests, you'll actually see that I start the server with a set of client root CAs, prove that Append/Remove do work on a running server - e.g. the Append test shows that the initial server does not trust connections from a couple of clients, then adds their CAs to the running server and then the clients are able to connect.

I had to figure out the "right" value to store at the GRPCServer instance level and it turns out that the *tls.Config which ends up being used during TLS handshakes was the right way to go in order to be able to "replace" the config in the Remove case (for Append I could simply add to the pool no problem)</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/comm/server.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e12aad230063965b070975f1fa795b020a7476bc/core/comm/server.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Indeed I see that now. As I followed the thread I came across a cloneTlsConfig() in some go code and that got me thinking the reference to the passed object is lost. Clearly the wrong thread.

All good. Thanks Yacov, Gari.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1/7/2017, 10:39:27 AM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [05bb7d6018343d36a7144ac8bd5101f38cd513f8](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/05bb7d6018343d36a7144ac8bd5101f38cd513f8)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/7/2017, 12:32:15 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/7/2017, 12:34:10 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 1/7/2017, 1:36:26 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Yacov Manevich<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 1/7/2017, 1:36:31 PM<br><br></blockquote>