<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 9141<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-3493] Fix LAST_CONFIG on new channels<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:31:03 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 5/10/2017, 11:16:22 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-3493] Fix LAST_CONFIG on new channels

The fix submitted in [1] works in that it delivers what we were looking
for (a pointer to the last config block) but is based on an incorrect
assumption: that the sequence number of the genesis block of a
non-system channel should be zero.

I assumed that should be the case, what with it being the genesis block
and all, but this breaks the abstraction that the config update
framework introduces. This changeset introduces the right fix. Thanks to
Jason Yellick for pointing this out.

[1] https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/8825/

Change-Id: I61ef2825c4cfe55495a4d81cff759fd6c340c191
Signed-off-by: Kostas Christidis <kostas@christidis.io>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:31:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:31:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:35:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/5412/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:35:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/11353/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:35:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/2882/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 2:07:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/5412/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/11353/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/2882/ : FAILURE (skipped)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Clayton  Sims - claytonbsims@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 3:32:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 3:34:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/5421/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 3:34:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/11362/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 3:35:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/2891/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 4:20:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 4:51:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/5421/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/11362/ : FAILURE

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/2891/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 5:08:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 8:33:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 8:34:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/5429/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 8:34:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/11370/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 8:34:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/2899/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 8:40:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 10:03:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-behave-x86_64/5429/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/11370/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-end-2-end-x86_64/2899/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 10:07:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 11:32:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/9/2017, 11:57:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 8:51:09 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:10:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:43:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:46:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

As this is a bugfix and causing serious incorrect behavior, merging this.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:46:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Jason Yellick</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:47:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/1790/ (1/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:51:06 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/472/ (2/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:51:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-behave-x86_64/784/ (3/3)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 5/10/2017, 11:16:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-behave-x86_64/784/ : FAILURE (skipped)

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/1790/ : SUCCESS

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/472/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 5/9/2017, 1:31:03 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/9/2017, 4:51:44 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Thoughts on this text?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This would inadvertently expose some hidden construct of the system channel that no one should know about in all application channels. It is also a bit odd that genesis block of a channel wouldn't start at 0 -- a source for question why.  So why wouldn't we set it to zero since it's on a different channel?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I actually disagree with the contents of this code comment.

This code path was originally introduced to address a chicken and egg problem around permissions and channel creation.  If a user has permission to create a channel, what components of the channel configuration is that user authorized to modify?

For instance, if a it is an application user or users who is creating a channel (the standard use case), then it does not make sense that that user could alter the Kafka broker addresses which are utilized by the orderer.

Similarly, just because an application user is creation the application portion of a channel, that does not mean that that user should be able to set properties like the anchor peers (or MSP definition) of other organizations in the channel.  This has serious security implications if allowed.

Instead, the channel creation process operates as followed (and is documented in the configtx.rst file).

1.  For a channel creation request, the orderer first implicitly creates a base template-like configuration containing all of the organizations in the consortium, as well as the default ordering parameters, policies, etc.  Its configuration sequence number is 0.
2.  The orderer then treats this channel creation as an update to this implicitly created channel.  It verifies not only that the channel creation policy is satisfied, but also that none of the organization or orderer configuration is being modified without the appropriate signatures.  The new configuration (and genesis block) is now at configuration sequence 1.

This solution was very desirable because it allows the re-use of all of the common configuration update code to verify the correctness of the creation request and eliminates attacks like MSP spoofing which were previously trivial at channel creation time.

Thus, for non-ordering-system-channels, the configuration sequence number is always 1 for the genesis block.  Implicit template config at sequence 0, updated to sequence 1 at channel creation.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Jason: Thanks for the feedback, was a bit unclear on this which is why I asked for comments.

Binh, RE: "It is also a bit odd that genesis block of a channel wouldn't start at 0 -- a source for question why.  So why wouldn't we set it to zero since it's on a different channel?" --

With you in that it seems a bit odd at first (and this is what led me down the path of the previous fix), but the flow that Jason has introduced (and which he explains in the comment above) justifies this.

If you still disagree with sequence number assigned, let's discuss further. For now however, I think that this changeset should go in — its goal is not to modify the existing flow but rather to ensure that it is enforced.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I might have missed understood the code comment, but is it correct that a newly created channel would contain 2 blocks, where block 0 is the template and block 1 is the config transaction?

If that is the case, then I am fine.  If not (ie first block is at index > 0) then I say that would not be correct implementation.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>So, the sequence number referred to here is the sequence number of the configuration that brought about this change: https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/master/protos/common/configtx.proto#L66

This sequence number has nothing to do with the index of the block (or put differently: the number of blocks on the ledger).

Then, to answer your question:

1. A newly created channel contains only 1 block.
2. This block contains a configuration envelope.
3. The sequence number of this configuration envelope is 1.

If there are any more questions, please let me know.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>That's a bit clearer. 1 more question please. If we add another block on the ledger, so the ledger now has 2 blocks. The value of Metadata at BlockMetadataIndex_LAST_CONFIG on the newly added block would be 0, right? This is the problem stated in the Jira that the lastConfigIndex was 1 instead of 0.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/3554cbff1dd71d481cb1a7dc2360bd10150c0560/orderer/multichain/manager.go#L194)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Correct. Try this experiment:

1. Modify the E2E script so that you skip the updating of the anchor peers, and any chaincode invocations or queries. Just create channel, join channel, install chaincode on peers 0 and 2, and instantiate chaincode on peer 2.
2. The expectation is that you have two blocks on the new channel (blocks 0 and 1).
3. The orderer log output will read as follows:

2017-05-10 12:46:00.869 UTC [orderer/multichain] addLastConfigSignature -> DEBU 877 [channel: mychannel] About to write block, setting its LAST_CONFIG to 0
2017-05-10 12:46:00.874 UTC [orderer/multichain] WriteBlock -> DEBU 87e [channel: mychannel] Wrote block 1

So the newly added block (block 1) points to block 0 as the last_config block, as it should.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 5/9/2017, 8:33:18 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [db236d6f6166a2a389c81c8ebacc97d2abbd994a](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/db236d6f6166a2a389c81c8ebacc97d2abbd994a)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/9/2017, 10:03:17 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:43:37 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Jason Yellick<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:46:57 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 5/10/2017, 9:10:08 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>