<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 20023<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-9264] Remove javaenv from fabric build<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:45:58 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 4/1/2018, 7:36:08 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-9264] Remove javaenv from fabric build

Java CC has been moved to its own repo.
We should no longer be maintaining and
building the javaenv Docker image within
the fabric repo

Change-Id: I47cbcfa273ccb542feaf4a866fdbfd21a6924505
Signed-off-by: Gari Singh <gari.r.singh@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:45:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:47:31 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/67/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:49:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-SmokeTest-1

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:50:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:51:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:54:26 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:54:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/45/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:55:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/67/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/67</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:55:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:56:24 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/45/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/45/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/45</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 11:41:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I love commits that remove code. Makes me all warm inside.

I think scripts/bootstrap.sh needs to be updated to stop pulling the javaenv image; looks like that's what's causing the smoke test to fail.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 11:42:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Hi Gari,

Does this change require any correlated updates to the core.yaml, or were those already done?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 11:49:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

I just looked.  I think there are additional changes needed to avoid breaking the build.

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/c6405b055f90414d7a40c0a3c64bbfc472d015ff/sampleconfig/core.yaml#L475

This should probably operate with a variable that is independent from the fabric build. I realize there is likely a correlation (e.g. v1.1.1 is a coincident release of both javaenv and fabric.  However, there are a ton of scenarios where this is never going to be true (for instance, dev builds that have -snapshot-$sha).  I'm not sure what the best solution would look like, but I don't we can remove the javaenv build until that is resolved.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 12:49:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I just reviewed the fabric java shim repo quickly.  It looks like it is only the shim, not the javaenv substrate.  The javaenv represents the runtime environment for the chaincode that the peer utilizes when java chaincode is deployed.  I think there are still numerous things that would need to be done to allow the javaenv to be decoupled from the fabric build.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 2:42:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I just reviewed the fabric java shim repo quickly.  It looks like
 > it is only the shim, not the javaenv substrate.  The javaenv
 > represents the runtime environment for the chaincode that the peer
 > utilizes when java chaincode is deployed.  I think there are still
 > numerous things that would need to be done to allow the javaenv to
 > be decoupled from the fabric build.

the point is that we don't support Java CC and Java CC is undergoing a rewrite in the new repo.  I'm not sure why we need to keep the old code which is no longer being maintained or modified around.

we do not even test the Java shim at all. 

the CI failure is because we hardcoded downloaded the image even though it is never used in any tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 5:03:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Patch Set 1:
> 
> > I just reviewed the fabric java shim repo quickly.  It looks like
>  > it is only the shim, not the javaenv substrate.  The javaenv
>  > represents the runtime environment for the chaincode that the peer
>  > utilizes when java chaincode is deployed.  I think there are still
>  > numerous things that would need to be done to allow the javaenv to
>  > be decoupled from the fabric build.
> 
> the point is that we don't support Java CC and Java CC is undergoing a rewrite in the new repo.  I'm not sure why we need to keep the old code which is no longer being maintained or modified around.
> 
> we do not even test the Java shim at all. 
> 
> the CI failure is because we hardcoded downloaded the image even though it is never used in any tests

+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 5:05:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

the problem is that the smoketest is looking to pull the javaenv container frmo the build step. The build will need to be changed before this can be merged.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ramesh Babu Thoomu - rameshbabu.thoomu@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:04:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:07:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/64/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:14:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-SmokeTest+1

Succeeded, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:17:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/637/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:23:41 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > I just reviewed the fabric java shim repo quickly.  It looks like
 > > it is only the shim, not the javaenv substrate.  The javaenv
 > > represents the runtime environment for the chaincode that the
 > peer
 > > utilizes when java chaincode is deployed.  I think there are
 > still
 > > numerous things that would need to be done to allow the javaenv
 > to
 > > be decoupled from the fabric build.
 > 
 > the point is that we don't support Java CC and Java CC is
 > undergoing a rewrite in the new repo.  I'm not sure why we need to
 > keep the old code which is no longer being maintained or modified
 > around.
 > 
 > we do not even test the Java shim at all.
 > 
 > the CI failure is because we hardcoded downloaded the image even
 > though it is never used in any tests

I see, ok.  But still, this seems like we should either fully commit or leave it, no?  Right now, there are places that are assuming that that javaenv-XX exists (such as the core.yaml and apparently smoketest).  Should we leave core.yaml dangling like that or clean it up?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:25:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-UnitTest-1

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:26:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/637/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/637/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/637

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/64/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/64</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:52:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

If the intention is to leave the java support in the code base, but unsupported, one thing we could do is hard-code core.yaml to point to v1.1.0</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:18:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> If the intention is to leave the java support in the code base, but
 > unsupported, one thing we could do is hard-code core.yaml to point
 > to v1.1.0

solid point on that one - was thinking along those lines for now 
we are going to get JavaCC going soon I hope</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:20:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> the problem is that the smoketest is looking to pull the javaenv
 > container frmo the build step. The build will need to be changed
 > before this can be merged.

I think it's been merged</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:20:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:21:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Patch Set 1 was rebased</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:23:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/640/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:23:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/83/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:27:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:28:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/83/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/83</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:30:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:30:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/67/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:30:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/640/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/640/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/640</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:36:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Succeeded, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:40:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/641/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:48:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:48:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/641/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/641/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/641

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/67/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/67</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 3/31/2018, 7:52:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/67/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/67</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:29:34 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:33:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/98/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:34:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:40:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run SmokeTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:40:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/98/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/98</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:44:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/79/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:45:35 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:50:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F2-SmokeTest+1

Succeeded, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:54:15 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/649/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:56:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:04:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F3-UnitTest-1

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:05:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/649/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/649/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/649

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/79/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-smoke-tests-x86_64/79</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:06:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:09:50 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/652/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:11:21 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -F3-UnitTest

Starting...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:31:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F3-UnitTest-1

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 5:32:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/652/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/652/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/652</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:02:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:06:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/657/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:08:23 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -F3-UnitTest

Starting...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:30:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F3-UnitTest-1

Failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:31:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/657/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/657/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/657</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 8:59:22 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2

Run UnitTest

I have a feeling that /tmp/fabric/ledgertests is being removed in parallel by some other package...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 9:04:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/662/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 9:06:51 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -F3-UnitTest

Starting...</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 9:14:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Run UnitTest
 > 
 > I have a feeling that /tmp/fabric/ledgertests is being removed in
 > parallel by some other package...

https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/20051</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 9:28:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 9:28:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/662/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/662</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:42:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:42:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Christopher Ferris</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:46:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/2114/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:47:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/3446/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/1/2018, 7:36:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/3446/ : FAILURE (skipped)

No problems were identified. If you know why this problem occurred, please add a suitable Cause for it. ( https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/3446/ )

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-x86_64/3446

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/2114/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/2114</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1522507558<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [2f1dc2bf36d554d5e0caea9396b1bd670036c5c8](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/2f1dc2bf36d554d5e0caea9396b1bd670036c5c8)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 5:05:08 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:54:26 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:54:26 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:14:09 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:25:39 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Greg Haskins - gregory.haskins@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 11:49:23 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1522538471<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [8faff94334af40b1bdbfedc3aa464811e01fb556](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/8faff94334af40b1bdbfedc3aa464811e01fb556)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:54:26 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 10:54:26 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:14:09 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 3/31/2018, 6:25:39 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1522571374<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [423e02ee3a8095ae55d8565e5825a930e765f16a](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/423e02ee3a8095ae55d8565e5825a930e765f16a)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:42:32 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Christopher Ferris<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 4/1/2018, 6:42:44 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:40:20 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:40:20 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/1/2018, 4:50:23 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-SmokeTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/1/2018, 9:28:19 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/1/2018, 8:59:22 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>