<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 20289<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-9405] Org discovery of its peers with no channel<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:06:50 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 4/12/2018, 12:06:51 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-9405] Org discovery of its peers with no channel

For administrative operations, such as install
chaincode and join channel, no channel is yet
available to perform a channel-specific discovery.
By adding the ability to query for peers on an
empty channel, it makes it possible for an org
to discover its own peers in order to perform
such administrative operations.

This patch allows for a PeersQuery with an
empty channel. ConfigQuery and EndorserQuery
both return 'access denied' if channel is not
provided.

Change-Id: I38c2eedaff7ca3473c689d20f650101a1c365c2b
Signed-off-by: Bob Stasyszyn <Bob.Stasyszyn@securekey.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:06:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:10:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/264/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:11:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:11:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

WIP - No Build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:11:56 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/264/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/264</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:40:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

(4 comments)

Thanks for the contribution but I don't think we should let any user in the channel - know all peers in the org, regardless of whether they are in the channel, or not.

I think only admins should be able to query for all peers a peer knows.

In any case I'd rather hold off with this change set at least until the playback on Monday and until I understand your needs for channel-less queries.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:55:10 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (4 comments)
 > 
 > Thanks for the contribution but I don't think we should let any
 > user in the channel - know all peers in the org, regardless of
 > whether they are in the channel, or not.
 > 
 > I think only admins should be able to query for all peers a peer
 > knows.
 > 
 > In any case I'd rather hold off with this change set at least until
 > the playback on Monday and until I understand your needs for
 > channel-less queries.

 > (4 comments)
 > 
 > Thanks for the contribution but I don't think we should let any
 > user in the channel - know all peers in the org, regardless of
 > whether they are in the channel, or not.
 > 
 > I think only admins should be able to query for all peers a peer
 > knows.
 > 
 > In any case I'd rather hold off with this change set at least until
 > the playback on Monday and until I understand your needs for
 > channel-less queries.

Yes, I was thinking that an org should only be able to discover it's own peers - not peers in other orgs. And we should be able to restrict this to admins only. The Go SDK currently uses 'static' discovery for its resource management client. Static discovery is basically reading peers from a config file. We wanted to be able to have an org add a peer dynamically and clients not having to modify config files. This was the motivation for this patch.
- Thanks for your feedback!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:00:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I'm sure I can accommodate your requirements from the feature - after we discuss this.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:02:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I'm sure I can accommodate your requirements from the feature -
 > after we discuss this.

Great, thanks!</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ry Jones - ry@linux.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:13:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

you'll want to add

[FAB-9405]

to the first line of the commit message on the next go-around</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:24:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Commit message was updated.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:24:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1
> 
> you'll want to add
> 
> [FAB-9405]
> 
> to the first line of the commit message on the next go-around

Done</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ry Jones - ry@linux.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:30:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed Code-Review-1 by Ry Jones <ry@walledcity.org>
</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ry Jones - ry@linux.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/10/2018, 12:11:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Removed reviewer Ry Jones.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 4/12/2018, 12:06:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

See 20445</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - Bob.Stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:06:50 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [12f383354382a896fa3f550053dd8c62152cca93](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/12f383354382a896fa3f550053dd8c62152cca93)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:40:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [discovery/client/client.go#L26](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/12f383354382a896fa3f550053dd8c62152cca93/discovery/client/client.go#L26)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>i think we need to change the client API for this functionality... the ForChannel() method will give us a hard time otherwise.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [discovery/service.go#L137](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/12f383354382a896fa3f550053dd8c62152cca93/discovery/service.go#L137)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I don't really like this flow. 
I think if we add channel-less queries we should first sort the flow to channel and channel-less queries and not make this check inside the function.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [discovery/service.go#L176](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/12f383354382a896fa3f550053dd8c62152cca93/discovery/service.go#L176)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I think that ideally we can pass some information regarding whether we want to fetch only peers in our own org or not, when we do a channel-less query.

Also - this is a bit of code duplication from below...</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [discovery/support/acl/support.go#L48](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/12f383354382a896fa3f550053dd8c62152cca93/discovery/support/acl/support.go#L48)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I don't think users that are not org admins should be able to see the all the peers in the org. This method succeeds also if the user isn't an admin.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CODE_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - Bob.Stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Bob Stasyszyn - bob.stasyszyn@securekey.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 4/7/2018, 3:24:20 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [4addfce63ada74acdacd4ab648bf96dc475d7f42](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/4addfce63ada74acdacd4ab648bf96dc475d7f42)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 4/7/2018, 2:40:43 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote>