<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: release-1.4<br><strong>ID</strong>: 31701<br><strong>Subject</strong>: FAB-14248 gate migration with Channel V1_4_2<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:25:00 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 6/7/2019, 1:10:23 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>FAB-14248 gate migration with Channel V1_4_2

The code in Bundle.ValidateNew() that handles migration should prevent
consensus-type migration if channel capability V1_4_2 is off.

The peer should not process anything under Orderer.ConsensusType - i.e.
Type, Metadata, MigrationState, MigrationContext - exept to verify that
migration commands are not coming in when V1_4_2 is off.

This way, after channel capability V1_4_2 that gates migration is
enabled, the peer should be oblivious to everything under
Orderer.ConsensusType. This way, in the future, if we want to fix or
improve migration, we won't have to upgrade the peers beyond V1_4_2.

Change-Id: I42da0166ef6cd044ec5f35a2d6a56fb1e6b1caa0
Signed-off-by: Yoav Tock <tock@il.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:25:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:28:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14263/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:29:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:32:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:33:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14263/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14263</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:42:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9211/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:42:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12614/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:43:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:43:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:02:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:02:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14275/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:02:46 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:05:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:05:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14275/ : FAILURE (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14275</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:09:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:14:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:14:48 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9211/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9211

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12614/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12614</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:16:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Run VerifyBuild</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:22:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14278/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:23:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -F1-VerifyBuild

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:26:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:26:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14278/ : FAILURE (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14278</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:53:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3: New patch set was added with same tree, parent, and commit message as Patch Set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:55:57 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14281/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:56:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -F1-VerifyBuild

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:57:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14284/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:57:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14281/ : ABORTED

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14281</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:57:32 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:00:33 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: F1-VerifyBuild-1

code checks are failed</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:01:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14284/ : FAILURE (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14284</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:03:19 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:05:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14285/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:06:22 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:10:47 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:11:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14285/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14285</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:13:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9225/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:13:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:13:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12628/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:14:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:38:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:47:52 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:48:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9225/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9225

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12628/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12628</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 9:43:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review-1

(1 comment)

Production code looks okay to me but changing the default channel configuration in the integration tests does not.

In discussions with Will, this has impacted some of the lifecycle testing.

I had raised this with Yacov in earlier CRs but it has not been addressed.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yacov Manevich - yacovm@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 9:54:53 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> I had raised this with Yacov in earlier CRs but it has not been addressed.

But this is a cherry pick of merged code, if it is to be addressed, it is to be addressed at the tip of the chain, not at its base - which might ripple through additional change sets, no?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 10:41:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> Patch Set 4:
> 
> > I had raised this with Yacov in earlier CRs but it has not been addressed.
> 
> But this is a cherry pick of merged code, if it is to be addressed, it is to be addressed at the tip of the chain, not at its base - which might ripple through additional change sets, no?

cherry pick or not, this change has unintentional and undesired side effects. Instead of cherry picking, this commit can be amended to avoid changing the default channel capability.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 3:51:14 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> Patch Set 4:
> 
> > Patch Set 4:
> > 
> > > I had raised this with Yacov in earlier CRs but it has not been addressed.
> > 
> > But this is a cherry pick of merged code, if it is to be addressed, it is to be addressed at the tip of the chain, not at its base - which might ripple through additional change sets, no?
> 
> cherry pick or not, this change has unintentional and undesired side effects. Instead of cherry picking, this commit can be amended to avoid changing the default channel capability.

Actually, in 1.4 there was a mechanism to control the level of orderer capabilities, see:

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/ccaaba0fab87002b50152a370daf0b5ad83945bf/integration/nwo/configtx_template.go#L76

and it worked together with the config generated by nwo, as seen here:

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/ccaaba0fab87002b50152a370daf0b5ad83945bf/integration/e2e/migration_test.go#L94

However, this mechanism was scrapped towards V2_0 as I was told we are supposed to test with the default level of the capability anyway. See the status in master:

https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/0b92194f5b3a71967f352b48e1073014d12cf665/integration/nwo/configtx_template.go#L83

So in 1.4.1 the default channel capability is v1.3, in master it is v2.0, so I am assuming sometime towards 1.4.2 it will change to v1.4.2; what am I missing? 

If sometime in the future the dynamic mechanism envisioned in the backlogged Jira mentioned above will be implemented, won't we be able to back-port it here as well?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 4:37:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> cherry pick or not, this change has unintentional and undesired side effects. Instead of cherry picking, this commit can be amended to avoid changing the default channel capability.

A little late to the party here, but, what exactly are the problematic unintended side effects?  

We've always kept the latest set of capabilities as the defaults for our unit tests, and I thought we were doing the same for our integration tests.  For tests needing a non-default level of capabilities, they would override them.  Ideally, if enabling a capability breaks a test, this would actually be a bug that needs to be fixed, documented, or in some other way addressed.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 5:24:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> Patch Set 4:
> 
> > Patch Set 4:
> > 
> > > Patch Set 4:
> > > 
> > > > I had raised this with Yacov in earlier CRs but it has not been addressed.
> > > 
> > > But this is a cherry pick of merged code, if it is to be addressed, it is to be addressed at the tip of the chain, not at its base - which might ripple through additional change sets, no?
> > 
> > cherry pick or not, this change has unintentional and undesired side effects. Instead of cherry picking, this commit can be amended to avoid changing the default channel capability.
> 
> Actually, in 1.4 there was a mechanism to control the level of orderer capabilities, see:
> 
> https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/ccaaba0fab87002b50152a370daf0b5ad83945bf/integration/nwo/configtx_template.go#L76
> 
> and it worked together with the config generated by nwo, as seen here:
> 
> https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/ccaaba0fab87002b50152a370daf0b5ad83945bf/integration/e2e/migration_test.go#L94
> 
> However, this mechanism was scrapped towards V2_0 as I was told we are supposed to test with the default level of the capability anyway. See the status in master:
> 
> https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/blob/0b92194f5b3a71967f352b48e1073014d12cf665/integration/nwo/configtx_template.go#L83
> 
> So in 1.4.1 the default channel capability is v1.3, in master it is v2.0, so I am assuming sometime towards 1.4.2 it will change to v1.4.2; what am I missing? 
> 

In all of 1.4, the default channel capability for nwo should remain 1.3. In fact, it should have remained 1.2 but was bumped to support idemix principals. Instead of adding support to NWO to specify channel capability defaults, they were unilaterally changed.

When the bump to 2.0 in master happened, I pointed out that it should not have been done and expected it to be addressed as a follow on. It was not and still needs to be. Given that we have the debt and it's been kicked down the road twice, it's time to address it.

> If sometime in the future the dynamic mechanism envisioned in the backlogged Jira mentioned above will be implemented, won't we be able to back-port it here as well?

The "backlogged" item can be picked up now and fixed or you can simply stick with the default and submit your own channel update transaction (which would probably just be additional debt). Given how small the change is, this should be considered gating but not blocking as it's something anyone can pick up and fix.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 5:29:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> Patch Set 4:
> 
> > cherry pick or not, this change has unintentional and undesired side effects. Instead of cherry picking, this commit can be amended to avoid changing the default channel capability.
> 
> A little late to the party here, but, what exactly are the problematic unintended side effects?  

The test scenario involves deploying to a previous capability level and then upgrading.

> We've always kept the latest set of capabilities as the defaults for our unit tests, and I thought we were doing the same for our integration tests.  For tests needing a non-default level of capabilities, they would override them.  Ideally, if enabling a capability breaks a test, this would actually be a bug that needs to be fixed, documented, or in some other way addressed.

Always is the one bump from 1_1 to 1_3 that happened in July 2018.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/5/2019, 10:36:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

> > We've always kept the latest set of capabilities as the defaults for our unit tests, and I thought we were doing the same for our integration tests.  For tests needing a non-default level of capabilities, they would override them.  Ideally, if enabling a capability breaks a test, this would actually be a bug that needs to be fixed, documented, or in some other way addressed.
> 
> Always is the one bump from 1_1 to 1_3 that happened in July 2018.

For the integration tests, yes, but as I stated, I was referring to the unit tests (and samples which would execute in the CI pipeline), we had always kept the default set of capabilities to be the latest available, dating back to when capabilities were first introduced and at the introduction of every new capability.

I'm not really sure what's being advocated for here?  Every test should specify its set of capabilities? If so, then existing functions don't get tested against the new code paths which are enabled with the capability.  The flip side of course, is by changing a default, we are no longer testing the pre-capability path, but if we must pick one to test, I'd have assumed it would be the new stuff.  We could of course do matrix style testing with the capabilities, but that would be moving the test speed in the wrong direction.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:10:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 5.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:10:49 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14343/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:11:18 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Starting verify build</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:14:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Matt, Jason, I changed the order of commits so that the disputed change in capabilities is no longer necessary for the time being. Review this first:

https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/c/fabric/+/31704

and then this one.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:14:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: F2-DocBuild+1 F1-VerifyBuild+1

Succeeded, Run IntegrationTest, Run UnitTest</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:15:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14343/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-build-checks-x86_64/14343</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:17:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9282/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:17:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12692/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:18:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Starting Integration tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:18:33 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Starting unit tests</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:45:13 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: F3-UnitTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:51:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: F3-IntegrationTest+1

Succeeded</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:51:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9282/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-integration-tests-x86_64/9282

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12692/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-verify-unit-tests-x86_64/12692</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/6/2019, 10:33:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/7/2019, 12:15:12 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/7/2019, 12:15:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Jason Yellick</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/7/2019, 12:18:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/6849/ (1/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/7/2019, 12:18:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/5535/ (2/2)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 6/7/2019, 1:10:23 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 5:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/6849/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-x86_64/6849

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/5535/ : SUCCESS (skipped)

Logs: https://logs.hyperledger.org/production/vex-yul-hyp-jenkins-3/fabric-merge-end-2-end-x86_64/5535</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559679900<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [5bdee11bd0b0705a6ce9070f9edc24dead1afe55](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/5bdee11bd0b0705a6ce9070f9edc24dead1afe55)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:32:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 4:32:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:14:09 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:09:22 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559682132<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [3cd416cc1e7e4f9bc9dc991cc5f58ed4f94d6f16](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/3cd416cc1e7e4f9bc9dc991cc5f58ed4f94d6f16)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:26:13 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: NO_CHANGE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559685209<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [6fe225ca9c15576a9a83856358cd0fa6b8587932](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/6fe225ca9c15576a9a83856358cd0fa6b8587932)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:00:33 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 5:57:24 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559685799<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [521a0969dabf3b5271fffb582f0d912f8c129b79](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/521a0969dabf3b5271fffb582f0d912f8c129b79)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:10:47 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:10:47 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:47:52 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/4/2019, 6:38:03 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/5/2019, 9:43:28 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 5</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Yoav Tock - tock@il.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 1559808638<br><strong>GitHubRevision</strong>: [fb001732ecf470996dafd26bb9c03ab5b3688913](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/fb001732ecf470996dafd26bb9c03ab5b3688913)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:14:48 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F1-VerifyBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:14:48 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F2-DocBuild<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:51:17 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-IntegrationTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/6/2019, 4:45:13 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: F3-UnitTest<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/7/2019, 12:15:12 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Jason Yellick<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 6/7/2019, 12:15:18 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Matthew Sykes - sykesmat@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 6/6/2019, 10:33:45 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>