<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 579<br><strong>Subject</strong>: user defined config path<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: xiejunan - xiejunan@huawei.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:09:07 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 10/16/2016, 6:26:39 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>user defined config path

add user defined config path for PBFT and NOOPS via environment variables
just like PEER_CFG_PATH. it is useful to setup a production environment
for fabric ( i am writing a install script for product environment)

Change-Id: Ic7f87ffa71338c96281203dd5791da3cecb3f90d
Signed-off-by: xiejunan <xiejunan@huawei.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: xiejunan - xiejunan@huawei.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:09:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:13:25 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/441/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kai Chen - 281165273@qq.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:25:40 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:41:54 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-2

(1 comment)

I have some concerns. First, by specifying an alternate path, we are actually creating a potential for surprise (which is never good). If I specify an alternate path and there's no config file there... oops! I will get the default (one would suppose) and the behavior will not match my expectations. I may have had a typo, or neglected to add the config file. Either way, the system should let me know - not wait for me to find out the hard way.

If I want to specify a config, then that is the config that shall be used. If it isn't there, panic (fail fast).</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/19/2016, 7:17:38 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/441/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: xiejunan - xiejunan@huawei.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/22/2016, 6:09:43 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

i'd like to place all config files to /etc/fabric according linux convention, and name config of peer(current core.yaml) to peer.yaml, config of pbft(pbft.yaml) to pbft.yaml, config of noops ( noops.yaml) to noops.yaml, environment variable $FABRIC_CFG_PATH is the only method to specify the config path, any comments? @Ferris.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/23/2016, 6:51:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> i'd like to place all config files to /etc/fabric according linux
 > convention, and name config of peer(current core.yaml) to
 > peer.yaml, config of pbft(pbft.yaml) to pbft.yaml, config of noops
 > ( noops.yaml) to noops.yaml, environment variable $FABRIC_CFG_PATH
 > is the only method to specify the config path, any comments?
 > @Ferris.

suggest you make this suggestion to the hyperledger-fabric@lists.hyperledger.org mailing list and get feedback from the others.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Ruifeng(Victor) HU - huruifeng@huawei.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/28/2016, 10:05:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Anyway, how to read the config should be unified in fabric. If core.yaml can use the env, others should also be able to.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 8:42:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Anyway, how to read the config should be unified in fabric. If
 > core.yaml can use the env, others should also be able to.

Agree, note that Kai has submitted a Jira for this https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-260 there are others that suggest we address this consistently throughout.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/16/2016, 6:26:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I'm going to reference this in FAB-260 so that we don't lose, but abandon the changeset as it isn't being pursued, presently. If you'd like to re-open, please let's discuss how best to handle in a post v0.6 context once the convergence branch has been merged into Master.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 10/16/2016, 6:26:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

see my last comment</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: xiejunan - xiejunan@huawei.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: xiejunan - xiejunan@huawei.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:09:07 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [baaa7b8997efd597254d8386573d2fddeff0b806](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/baaa7b8997efd597254d8386573d2fddeff0b806)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/19/2016, 6:41:54 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/19/2016, 7:17:38 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kai Chen - 281165273@qq.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [/COMMIT_MSG#L0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/baaa7b8997efd597254d8386573d2fddeff0b806//COMMIT_MSG#L0)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Should be added to some documents</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [/COMMIT_MSG#L0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/baaa7b8997efd597254d8386573d2fddeff0b806//COMMIT_MSG#L0)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>and tests, there are no tests for this.</pre></blockquote>