<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: feature/convergence<br><strong>ID</strong>: 697<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Introduce the atomic broadcast protocol spec for the orderer<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/25/2016, 2:25:43 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 8/31/2016, 10:39:27 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Introduce the atomic broadcast protocol spec for the orderer

Change-Id: Ie4efc31a2f1b61a59353ebcaec7382a5b13d3862
Signed-off-by: jyellick <jyellick@us.ibm.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 2:25:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 2:29:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/577/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 3:43:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/577/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 6:26:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

We've discussed this in https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-43 - this is good to go. Two implementations (solo and Kafka) have already been against this.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jeffery Garratt - garratt.jeff@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 6:31:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

The latest BDD for orderer has been verified to work with this change.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 7:44:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review-1

tests?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/25/2016, 9:22:07 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> tests?

Perhaps it should have been clarified, but Jeff's tests in Change 705 were built specifically with this proto in mind. They test the broadcast/deliver mechanisms defined here, incl. the seek and ACK functions.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 10:42:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Yes, since there is no implemented function here, there are no tests to speak of.  There is another pending changeset (https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/705/) of Jeff's which contains bdd tests for implementations of this proto.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 11:13:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+2

I'm going to change my vote, but here's the thing, guys... this is not being test driven. I suggested to binh the same for another .proto drop - that there be unit tests that assert the correct signature of the protobuf implementation - because that would then mean that we are getting what we expect. If someone changes a pb, then we will know that because it will break a unit test, unless the unit test is also changed. 

Clearly this is not how the team is operating, and this saddens me.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 11:24:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> unit tests that assert the correct signature of the protobuf implementation
I'm a little confused by this.  Are you suggesting we write a unit test against generated code? What exactly would this be testing?  Writing a unit test which checks the signatures of the protobuf seems like it's not testing anything at all, and as soon as any consumers of the proto are checked in, any changes to the proto signatures will result in build errors unless fixed in all of the consumers, (which could of course all be fixed trivially in a signature checking unit test).  I assume I'm missing something here.

The bdd tests which Jeff is developing implements the client half of the proto, so that as implementations of the server half of the proto are developed and checked in, the bdd will verify that they are satisfying the proto contract as specified.

When the server implementations are checked in, they too will be accompanied with unit tests for the particular implementation as a second stage of verification beyond the bdd.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 11:52:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 12:05:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> 1) We've been using camel case like `BlockchainInfo` rather than lower case with underscore. 

I'm fine changing, though I would point out, that I believe the lower_case naming convention is standard for protobuf fields (though I now see, not messages, I will definitely fix this), and is translated into the UpperCamelCase style in the pb.go.  Is our convention CamelCase for messages and fields?

> 2) We've been using `Response` instead of `reply` for returned messages.

Acknowledged, will address.

> In the architecture, we call this `batch` rather than `block` to differentiate between a raw batch and a validated block.  I think we should change this to `batch`

The block definition is actually meant to be a bit of a stand in and this proto should be modified to use the real block definition once defined.  The name block was actually chosen with great care here.  The key being that a consumer of the ordering interface _must_ be able to take the raw batches/unvalidatedledger returned by the orderer and declare it as 'the blockchain' if this is their usecase.  Although there has been considerable nashing of teeth regarding whether blocks must contain only valid transactions or not, I think it's critical that we allow the use of the orderer output as the authoritative ledger if so desired.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 1:54:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > 1) We've been using camel case like `BlockchainInfo` rather than
 > lower case with underscore.
 > 
 > I'm fine changing, though I would point out, that I believe the
 > lower_case naming convention is standard for protobuf fields
 > (though I now see, not messages, I will definitely fix this), and
 > is translated into the UpperCamelCase style in the pb.go.  Is our
 > convention CamelCase for messages and fields?
Yes, both.  We use uppercase for enumerated constants with underscore like CHAINCODE_INVOKE
 > 
 > > 2) We've been using `Response` instead of `reply` for returned
 > messages.
 > 
 > Acknowledged, will address.
 > 
 > > In the architecture, we call this `batch` rather than `block` to
 > differentiate between a raw batch and a validated block.  I think
 > we should change this to `batch`
 > 
 > The block definition is actually meant to be a bit of a stand in
 > and this proto should be modified to use the real block definition
 > once defined.  The name block was actually chosen with great care
 > here.  The key being that a consumer of the ordering interface
 > _must_ be able to take the raw batches/unvalidatedledger returned
 > by the orderer and declare it as 'the blockchain' if this is their
 > usecase.  Although there has been considerable nashing of teeth
 > regarding whether blocks must contain only valid transactions or
 > not, I think it's critical that we allow the use of the orderer
 > output as the authoritative ledger if so desired.
ok</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 2:06:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Yes, both.  We use uppercase for enumerated constants with underscore like CHAINCODE_INVOKE

I would point to the style guide: https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style

Why are we choosing to deviate from the style guide? I know this has been a point of concern for Kostas as well.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 3:30:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> > Yes, both.  We use uppercase for enumerated constants with
 > underscore like CHAINCODE_INVOKE
 > 
 > I would point to the style guide: https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/style
 > 
 > Why are we choosing to deviate from the style guide? I know this
 > has been a point of concern for Kostas as well.

We are aware of this style, but the short coming of this is that most developers don't use underscore in variables, and camel case has been the norm for a long time. It's just easy for us.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 3:36:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> We are aware of this style, but the short coming of this is that most developers don't use underscore in variables, and camel case has been the norm for a long time. It's just easy for us.

It sounds like this is a decision that has been made.  I would point out that the pb.go gets CamelCased variables out of underscores, but it sounds like this is out of line with the project.  I'll wait a bit before making the change to allow any dissenting opinions a chance to respond.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 4:01:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -Code-Review

> The block definition is actually meant to be a bit of a stand in
 > and this proto should be modified to use the real block definition
 > once defined.  The name block was actually chosen with great care
 > here.  The key being that a consumer of the ordering interface
 > _must_ be able to take the raw batches/unvalidatedledger returned
 > by the orderer and declare it as 'the blockchain' if this is their
 > usecase.  Although there has been considerable nashing of teeth
 > regarding whether blocks must contain only valid transactions or
 > not, I think it's critical that we allow the use of the orderer
 > output as the authoritative ledger if so desired.

I'm not sure I get this. What is it again that's stopping us from calling this a batch, and having the consumers declare these as the (raw) blocks of the blockchain?

PS: Just to be on the record, I'll echo what Jason noted earlier about field_names with underscore being the way to go, respecting the protobuf idioms. But it seems we're going to lose this battle :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 4:22:51 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> I'm not sure I get this. What is it again that's stopping us from calling this a batch, and having the consumers declare these as the (raw) blocks of the blockchain?

My concern is that if we have a defined 'batch' datastructure, and a defined 'block' datastructure, that we will not be able to use them interchangeably.

For instance, there is a BSCC policy for determining whether the proof associated with a block is valid.  In the case of a validated blockchain, this might require 6 or 10 signatures of some set of peers.  However for a deployment which wants to use the unvalidated ledger as canon, this rule would possibly require 6 of 10 signatures from PBFT nodes.  Although these are fundamentally identical operations, if the data is stored in two different types, this is going to be difficult to do in a generic way.

If the argument is we could simply restuff a batch into a block, then the problem becomes that unless the block structure is identical to the batch structure, then the hash chain will break, and the signatures will not validate.

So, either the structure needs to be shared for batches and blocks, or, the structure needs to identical between batches and blocks.  And the sharing is the clear choice to me.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/26/2016, 4:26:37 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> So, either the structure needs to be shared for batches and blocks,
> or, the structure needs to identical between batches and blocks. 
> And the sharing is the clear choice to me.

I get your point now. (And FWIW I agree.)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 8:46:56 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 10:43:19 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 10:48:07 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/674/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 10:50:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 10:55:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/675/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 12:21:29 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/674/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 12:21:42 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/675/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 12:26:27 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(1 comment)

The CI test failure seems to be something to do with behave, and unrelated to this changeset.  As is obvious by the limited contents of this changeset, test failures should not be possible.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 12:36:36 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Build Failed
 > 
 > https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/675/ :
 > FAILURE

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 12:39:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/677/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 1:58:25 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/677/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 8:45:44 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Build Failed
 > 
 > https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/677/ :
 > FAILURE

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 8:48:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/690/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/29/2016, 8:59:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/690/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 9:13:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Build Failed
 > 
 > https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/690/ :
 > FAILURE

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 9:46:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 9:59:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/711/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 10:28:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/711/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 1:32:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Build Failed
 > 
 > https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/711/ :
 > FAILURE

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 1:35:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/718/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jeffery Garratt - garratt.jeff@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 2:42:50 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 2:51:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/718/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 3:27:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4: Patch Set 3 was rebased.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 3:29:00 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/726/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 4:09:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Apologies for the rebasing, included this change-id as a commit in another changeset and did not realize it would be affected</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 5:03:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/726/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/30/2016, 11:54:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/31/2016, 6:18:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 8/31/2016, 10:39:27 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Christopher Ferris</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/25/2016, 2:25:43 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: e2ec060b5102ee5e39a1ca69a9184fae7e8975dd<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/26/2016, 11:13:17 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/25/2016, 3:43:35 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jeffery Garratt - garratt.jeff@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/25/2016, 6:31:18 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/29/2016, 10:43:19 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 07567279f7412b5610662c79489decdfc82951dc<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/29/2016, 12:21:29 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/29/2016, 10:50:17 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: 3e35f08920c5acae42c6798421a637e87f16f920<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/30/2016, 2:51:01 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Jeffery Garratt - garratt.jeff@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/30/2016, 2:42:50 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: TRIVIAL_REBASE<br><strong>Author</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 8/30/2016, 3:27:20 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [16ca7b0b7ed5be09a344acd93f366edadf0c78e7](https://github.com/hyperledger/fabric/commit/16ca7b0b7ed5be09a344acd93f366edadf0c78e7)<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Christopher Ferris<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 8/31/2016, 10:39:27 AM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/30/2016, 5:03:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gabor Hosszu - gabor@digitalasset.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/31/2016, 6:18:59 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 8/30/2016, 11:54:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>