<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3173<br><strong>Subject</strong>: This commit refactors the ledger codes<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/11/2016, 6:07:10 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 12/14/2016, 3:32:02 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>This commit refactors the ledger codes

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-602

The refactoring allows sharing of transaction execution and validation code across goleveldb and couchdb.
This refactoring also allows plugging-in different schemes for various aspects of transaction execution
such as maintianing isolation during simulation, validation and commit.

Change-Id: I0d3fb1cdff99c3f6f991e7b7469920173f194a87
Signed-off-by: manish <manish.sethi@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 6:07:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 6:41:30 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 12:19:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3839/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 12:20:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3841/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 1:18:24 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3839/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 1:21:04 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3841/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 2:46:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3868/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 3:07:53 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3868/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 3:17:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3873/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 3:31:39 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3873/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 6:54:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 6:55:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3919/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:20:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3919/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:27:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:31:29 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3922/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:58:14 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3922/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 10:37:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review-1

(5 comments)

This is good refactoring, but I think we should pay more attention to the plugin model as I don't think we have good enough abstraction, especially in kvledger.go module. I think we should explicitly define a db plugin mgr.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:55:08 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Binh, most of your comments are related to couchdb. I fully agree with those and in fact, that's what was the main reason of taking up this exercise of refactoring. Otherwise, there was a lot of duplicated code and mixed-up configurations.

However, in this change set, I have mainly defined the interfaces and moved the leveldb related code and common code related to transaction management behind those interfaces.

I have still left the couch code as is and in a separate commit this whole couch related stuff will be deleted. The only implementation required would be implementing the interface `kvledger/txmgmt/store/VersionedDB` which simply requires reading from and writing to couch.

So, I would appreciate if you can review from that point of view.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:06:55 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Just to clarify my point explicitly, in the subsequent commit following is what is expected/planned.
1) package core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt will be deleted
2) An implementation of interface core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store.VersionedDB will be provided for couchdb
3) KVLedger will be cleaned up to use only interfaces and not directly referring to couchdbtxmgmt.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 4:24:45 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(4 comments)

Hi Manish, I like the structure overall. I have a few naming suggestions to make things more clear.

Is there a reason to leave the refactor half baked?  Seems switching over the CouchDB stuff would prove out that the new structure makes sense across data stores.  Otherwise we may start to refactor CouchDB later and discover more changes needed in the new structure. I realize you were probably trying to minimize size of the changeset, but in a refactor you kind of have to go all the way to make sure everything holds together well.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 4:32:10 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 5:19:05 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Dave, yes I was planning to stage the refactoring. But if everyone is of opinion that couch should also be done at the same time, let me do that as well. Was just fearful that It would keep getting conflicts.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 5:23:09 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

About the namings, I will change some of the names based on your suggestion. However, specifically about - store vs state, the idea was that store can be reused across state and history because eventually history is nothing but a multi-version store and hence can inherit from store.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 5:30:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Dave, about refactoring the couch code. As you know, it's a bit half baked (such a version numbers etc are hardcoded..) do you want me to take care of these? Because, without that and proper tests it won't justify what you said?</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 9:29:04 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Manish, I'll defer to you how you want to stage it, I'm fine with whatever you think is most logical/efficient.  The bottleneck on getting the versioning in CouchDB was whether we introduce a wrapper or not above the chaincode JSON.  We just decided to use the wrapper, and therefore that work can proceed.  In fact I was going to do it today.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 10:01:57 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Dave I think this mixed approach would be surely inefficient. By mixed approach, I mean that you modify the existing code and then re-write based on refactored code. I think that either, we should merge this commit and work on couch on top or I can include couch also within this commit.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 10:57:00 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

> Dave I think this mixed approach would be surely inefficient. By
 > mixed approach, I mean that you modify the existing code and then
 > re-write based on refactored code. I think that either, we should
 > merge this commit and work on couch on top or I can include couch
 > also within this commit.

I think we should address the obvious comments here (like on couchdb_txmgr) and merge this cr then work on further refactoring.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:05:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:08:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4116/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:26:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Mari Wade - mariwade@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:37:45 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Saw comment regarding a staged approach to this refactor and that this is a refactor of existing code - but the level implementation should eventually going under util so that it can be used by History as well.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:41:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4116/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:10:09 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 4.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:12:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4119/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:28:01 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

(4 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:38:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4119/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:26:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:56:17 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:56:21 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+1</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:59:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4: Code-Review+2

Given the reviews and rebases and the fact that this will cause more churns if not merged sooner, merging.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:59:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Srinivasan Muralidharan</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 3:02:31 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/582/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/14/2016, 3:32:02 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 4:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/582/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/11/2016, 6:07:10 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [465f1ff1eac099961b27219da069a289664ca93c](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/465f1ff1eac099961b27219da069a289664ca93c)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/11/2016, 3:31:39 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/12/2016, 6:54:28 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:58:14 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 10:37:13 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L27](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L27)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I think we should hide this behind a plugin mgr and a tx mgmt interface rather than importing a plugin implementation directly here.  I 'd like to see a decoupling of abstraction such that it is easy to understand (obvious) as a plugin -- unfortunately go plugin is not complete at this point to use. We will have to maneuver the imports and load module.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L53](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L53)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>For platform independence, we should use filepath.Join and skip this test https://golang.org/pkg/path/filepath/</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L81](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L81)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I consider this module as the base code and as such configuration checking should be done at the plugin layer.  The plugin should be configured at init and "install" appropriate objects so that we never have to test again.

Have a plug in layer would allow other db plugins an identified place to change code to get their appropriate configuration loaded.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L92](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L92)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This should be in the couchdb implementation config.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L97](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/kv_ledger.go#L97)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>wouldn't this need to be replaced as well?  For plugins in Go 1.8, I'd expect that this is where we'd actually load the appropriate plugin based on the config.  But in the meantime, won't you need some type of factory function here which takes in the conf and then returns the appropriate DBProvider?</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt/couchdb_txmgr.go#L297](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt/couchdb_txmgr.go#L297)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This pattern is bad because we log error here, and chances are, the caller logs the same error, and its caller does the same, and so on. We end up with the same error message logged multiple times.  

I would change logger.Errorf to logger.Debugf and add more info, including stacktrace and original error message.  We should return the original error message with our own in a fmt.Errorf.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt/couchdb_txmgr.go#L297](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt/couchdb_txmgr.go#L297)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Yes Binh, I fully agree. Have changed in this file for now. however, in a subsequent commit, this whole package would be deleted and most of the code in this package would not be required any more. Also, personally I do not like much about having `=====COUCHDB====` kind of additions. The package name would anyway be printed by the logger.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt/couchdb_txmgr.go#L297](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/couchdbtxmgmt/couchdb_txmgr.go#L297)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Right, the ===COUCHDB=== was temporary to help quickly identify the couch specific parts during initial development and debug. It should be cleaned up as part of the Couch refactor.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Since we have state db and history db, I would suggest the package 'statedb' instead of the more ambiguous 'store'.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Yes, I agree on this naming after thinking a bit more. Changed the package name to `statedb`</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>'Batch' is an ambiguous overloaded term.  I first thought you meant a batch from ordering service (aka block).  Let's indicate what it is a batch of.  How about 'UpdateBatch' or 'KeyUpdates'.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L75](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/db.go#L75)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Agreed. Changed it to `UpdateBatch`</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/level/db.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/level/db.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I'd recommend call the package and file 'leveldb' and 'leveldb.go'. Otherwise we'd have too many confusing 'db' files.
Also there is a 'db' under /util that should be called 'leveldb'.
If we don't want two different 'leveldb' (here and in /util), then this one could be called 'stateleveldb'.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/level/db.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/level/db.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>was about to suggest similar idea</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/level/db.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/store/level/db.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Good suggestion folks. I was also thinking but somehow overlooked later. Changed it to stateleveldb. 

Dave, about the one in the util package, not changing that one in this commit because it would be unrelated to this refactoring. Will do that in a separate commit.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/validator/statebasedval/state_based_validator.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/validator/statebasedval/state_based_validator.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>How about versionbasedval?  In MVCC validation we typically think of 'versions' rather than 'state' as the central idea.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/validator/statebasedval/state_based_validator.go#L17](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/e03d2417690bca5f6714278884061d9d18ecdf58/core/ledger/kvledger/txmgmt/validator/statebasedval/state_based_validator.go#L17)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Dave, the name state here refers to the fact that we explicitly check for the latest version in the committed state.

The other more efficient approach that I have in mind is performing validation by looking at the write-set of previously committed txs between height h1 and height h2. Where h2 is the height of the last committed transaction and h1 is maximum version present in the read-set. Now, if we find the intersection of a) read-set and b) the union of the write-sets of trans between h1 and h2 to be empty, the tran is valid. This approach has potential to work in-memory as we need to keep the write-set of last few trans only. In this approach also, we would be using versions in some sense but the approach mainly works on `delta` as opposed to relying in state.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:05:13 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [933f32b2d8b08528677adcdccf718b884360e424](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/933f32b2d8b08528677adcdccf718b884360e424)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/14/2016, 12:41:34 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 4</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:10:09 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [2f03cf3e472c1a49a51cbd50c6231b9fa044a4a5](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/2f03cf3e472c1a49a51cbd50c6231b9fa044a4a5)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/14/2016, 1:38:58 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Binh Nguyen - binh1010010110@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:26:06 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:59:28 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:59:30 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: David Enyeart - enyeart@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/14/2016, 2:56:21 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>