<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3187<br><strong>Subject</strong>: Fix bugs in MockStub implementation of GetRows<br><strong>Status</strong>: ABANDONED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/11/2016, 10:38:03 PM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 2/11/2017, 7:12:48 AM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>Fix bugs in MockStub implementation of GetRows

This also adds more unit tests for MockStub GetRows.

Change-Id: Ic401419eca826c7edbde51ebb704d27e6c76eaf4
Signed-off-by: Victor Dods <victor.dods@gmail.com>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 10:38:03 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 10:39:08 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3889/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/11/2016, 11:20:06 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3889/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 12:53:18 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

I re-submitted this CR as a single commit so it's tidy.  The previous comments can be seen at https://gerrit.hyperledger.org/r/#/c/2615/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 1:04:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Code-Review+1

LGTM, but will wait for Manish's, review.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 4:19:59 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/15/2016, 7:43:54 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/16/2016, 1:45:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/17/2016, 11:43:28 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> (1 comment)

Ok, I'm going to write more unit tests to exercise the situations described in your comments, and address them.  Thanks.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2016, 9:35:15 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2016, 9:36:38 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

> Uploaded patch set 2.

I cleaned up the buildKeyString details, putting them in descriptively-named functions.  I also fixed the "defer recover()" to read "defer func(){ recover() }()", and added a unit test which ensures that if the rows channel is not fully drained, no error occurs.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2016, 9:38:26 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4371/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/21/2016, 9:40:34 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4371/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/23/2016, 6:14:20 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4407/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/23/2016, 6:20:17 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4407/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/23/2016, 2:20:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 3.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/23/2016, 2:23:59 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4415/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/23/2016, 2:58:13 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4415/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/24/2016, 1:55:47 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 3:

> Build Successful
 > 
 > https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4415/ :
 > SUCCESS

Just FYI, I'm going to be out of the country for a month and won't have any ability to submit further changes until about Jan 23.  Hopefully this revision is acceptable :)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 2/11/2017, 7:12:48 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Abandoned

no longer needed as we have removed tables</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/11/2016, 10:38:03 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/11/2016, 11:20:06 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/12/2016, 1:04:15 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L634](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5/core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L634)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>This line is missing from the new code all together. I think that you want to include this in your go-routine.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L635](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5/core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L635)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Victor, can you please look at comment that I had posted earlier on your previous change-set. Writing the summary again because, line number have changed in this change-set.

If I understand this correctly - the attempt is to handle a special case where the caller of this method supplies the values for all the primary key columns. The answer should be a single row which would be missed with the previous logic. 

If my understanding is correct, can we simply enhance the condition at line 617 to cover this case as well i.e,
if len(table.GetColumnDefinitions()) == len(key) {
...
}

Please correct me if I have misunderstood the whole story here as I could not find the reference to the bug in the commit message and just guessing what bug may have surfaced.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L658](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5/core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L658)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I think that I do not get it fully. The channel is getting closed only below and caller cannot close it (in the method return type a read-only channel is returned). In this situation, can it ever happen that the channel would be found as closed here?

I understand that caller can go off without exhausting fully and this go-routine will be hung forever and will cause leaks. If I understand your intent well, you want the caller to close the channel when it is done. If this is the case, you would need to change the return type of this function from `<-chan Row` to `chan Row`.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Srinivasan Muralidharan - srinivasan.muralidharan99@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L658](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5/core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L658)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Actually, you are right. I missed the fact that we are returning a receive-only channel and the only way it can get closed is within this go-routine. Given that, and the restructuring from Victor. There is no danger of row<-rows causing a panic.
However given that this is a free-wheeling go-routine with no control from the chaincoe whatsoever its best to leave the recover in if you agree.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Manish Sethi - manish.sethi@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L658](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/b4a0092023e1ad2fc88ae3be94b190b6092346a5/core/chaincode/shim/chaincode.go#L658)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Hi Murali, In fact, my comment was on the commented line and not on `defer recover()`.

About the `defer recover()` call - This is actually a no-op in the current form. It won't catch even if there were to be a panic. I guess, the correct form is to write as `defer func(){recover()}()`

In nut-shell, the comment at this line is incorrect and the line 645 `defer recover()` is a no-op and both put together though functionally equivalent to not having both of these at all - still, can be a source of confusion in the future code changes/reviews.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/21/2016, 9:35:15 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [c7dc7a62041ef1039a306765c1681caa1b8bfdf9](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/c7dc7a62041ef1039a306765c1681caa1b8bfdf9)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/23/2016, 6:20:17 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: -1<br><br></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 3</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Victor Dods - victor.dods@ledgerdomain.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/23/2016, 2:20:05 PM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [86e38a0cf5c2ecdbc98010d5476ba8b386b9a7c0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/86e38a0cf5c2ecdbc98010d5476ba8b386b9a7c0)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/23/2016, 2:58:13 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>