<strong>Project</strong>: fabric<br><strong>Branch</strong>: master<br><strong>ID</strong>: 3197<br><strong>Subject</strong>: [FAB-1362] Add KafkaBrokers to shared config<br><strong>Status</strong>: MERGED<br><strong>Owner</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Assignee</strong>:<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/12/2016, 12:22:46 AM<br><strong>LastUpdated</strong>: 12/13/2016, 6:12:35 PM<br><strong>CommitMessage</strong>:<br><pre>[FAB-1362] Add KafkaBrokers to shared config

https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-1362

The list of Kafka brokers used for ordering needs to be shared across the
shims (ordering service nodes). This changeset introduces the key and
the getter of that key's value to the sharedconfig package. It also adds
the necessary definition in the orderer protos.

This value is not yet encoded as a configuration item in the genesis
block that the static bootstrapper produces. This will come at a
subsequent changeset, with the introduction of the provisional
bootstrapper.

Change-Id: I6268e79dc25ca2cee8da248ba44c9a572c04d909
Signed-off-by: Kostas Christidis <kostas@christidis.io>
</pre><h1>Comments</h1><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 12:22:46 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 1.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 12:24:58 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3896/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 12:58:02 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified-1

Build Failed 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3896/ : FAILURE</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:22:37 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

reverify</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:25:52 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: -Verified

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3921/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:26:28 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(1 comment)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:56:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/3921/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/12/2016, 9:13:32 AM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(3 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:40:16 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Uploaded patch set 2.</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:40:30 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 1:

(4 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:43:43 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4015/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 2:20:05 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Verified+1

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-verify-x86_64/4015/ : SUCCESS</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 2:53:20 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2

(2 comments)</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 5:29:55 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2: Code-Review+2</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Gerrit Code Review - gerrit@hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 5:29:58 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Change has been successfully merged by Christopher Ferris</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 5:33:11 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Started https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/572/</pre><strong>Reviewer</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Reviewed</strong>: 12/13/2016, 6:12:35 PM<br><strong>Message</strong>: <pre>Patch Set 2:

Build Successful 

https://jenkins.hyperledger.org/job/fabric-merge-x86_64/572/ : SUCCESS</pre><h1>PatchSets</h1><h3>PatchSet Number: 1</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/12/2016, 12:22:46 AM<br><strong>UnmergedRevision</strong>: [be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/12/2016, 7:56:32 AM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><h2>Comments</h2><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L72](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L72)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>is this intended to be the set of "bootstrap" Kafka brokers or the exclusive set?  What I mean is that what would prevent someone from adding Kafka brokers to the the existing cluster?  Would the shims only communicate with brokers in this list (which is tricky because in the end the leader for a partition might not be in this list)</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L72](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L72)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Good point - as you point out enforcing that the shims _only_ communicate with brokers in this list is tricky. This should be the list of bootstrap servers. I believe there shouldn't be a problem with that, given the trust assumptions we have in place.

The shims use a truststore and authenticate their connections to brokers (see: https://jira.hyperledger.org/browse/FAB-701). So even if a new broker comes up, the existing truststore will be used to connect to it.

If ordering org A (that owns some Kafka brokers) decides to hand over the private key that corresponds to their cert to another company in country X where you don't want to have any dealings with, then this arrangement is dangerous for you. But I believe this is outside our trust assumptions.

Do you see any other issues with this that I may have overlooked? I've added a comment to the code indicating these are the _bootstrap_ servers.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L72](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L72)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Done - I'm good and did not see any other issues - just wanted to doubl check the intention</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L171](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L171)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Do you think it would be worth doing some sanity checking on the strings provided here? (Ensuring they're actually IP:Port or Host:Port combinations? Ultimately it's the responsibility of the admin to get this right, but screwing this up seems like it could put the system in a very hard to recover state.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L171](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/orderer/common/sharedconfig/sharedconfig.go#L171)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I wasn't the biggest fan of this because I knew it was going to be a half-baked check, but I went ahead and added this in the follow-up patchset.

Thanks to Luis Sanchez for helping me nail down the right regular expression.

We wanted to prevent combinations of "." and "-" (such as ".-", "-.", "...", etc.) which will still go through with this filter, but it's hard to do w/o the lookahead/look-behind assertions which Go doesn't support. If this is a deal-breaker, I defer to a regex expert to submit their own patch. Until then, this should do.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [protos/common/common.proto#L37](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/protos/common/common.proto#L37)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Doesn't really bother me, but looks like this file is not otherwise touched in this changeset, so these changes are a little odd.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [protos/common/common.proto#L37](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/protos/common/common.proto#L37)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>So it was only the indentation that was off here, hence the edit. I can:

1. Update the commit message to indicate that,
2. Discard this commit entirely and create a new one just for this (which is the right way of doing this but seems like an overkill for such a minor issue), or
3. Undo these changes.
4. Leave things as is now (i.e. keep these changes in).

I'm fine either way (though my OCD is going to have a hard time with option 3), just let me know.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [protos/common/common.proto#L37](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/protos/common/common.proto#L37)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>I vote for 4)</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Jason Yellick - jyellick@us.ibm.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [protos/orderer/configuration.proto#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/protos/orderer/configuration.proto#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Could we clarify here how the brokers are encoded? I believe this is simply the same list you would provide to any other Kafka client, but I'd expect people to check the proto doc before the go source.</pre><strong>Commenter</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>CommentLine</strong>: [protos/orderer/configuration.proto#L58](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/blob/be71bdd95804ea3d00fe27fc97db1df8807257dc/protos/orderer/configuration.proto#L58)<br><strong>Comment</strong>: <pre>Good point, done.</pre></blockquote><h3>PatchSet Number: 2</h3><blockquote><strong>Type</strong>: REWORK<br><strong>Author</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Uploader</strong>: Kostas Christidis - kostas@gmail.com<br><strong>Created</strong>: 12/13/2016, 1:40:16 PM<br><strong>GitHubMergedRevision</strong>: [f42b999315b98669bb42f9c18d34f23bbfdb1fe0](https://github.com/hyperledger-gerrit-archive/fabric/commit/f42b999315b98669bb42f9c18d34f23bbfdb1fe0)<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Christopher Ferris - chris.ferris@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 5:29:55 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>MergedBy</strong>: Christopher Ferris<br><strong>Merged</strong>: 12/13/2016, 5:29:58 PM<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Hyperledger Jobbuilder - jobbuilder@jenkins.hyperledger.org<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 2:20:05 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Verified<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br><strong>Approver</strong>: Gari Singh - gari.r.singh@gmail.com<br><strong>Approved</strong>: 12/13/2016, 2:53:20 PM<br><strong>Type</strong>: Code-Review<br><strong>Value</strong>: 1<br><br></blockquote>